To everyone here who is interested in programming, I'd like to give a piece of advice:
* Learning how to organize the code is the most important part of getting better at programming. You can't learn this in a day or a week, because it's not just 1 simple thing. Organizing your code is an art that you can only get better at by completing more projects.
* When you write a piece of code, or complete a function, it's the skills you develop along the way that matter. A skill is not some piece of knowledge that you can describe in words. It's an intuition for how to structure and organize code in general.
* Don't try to reuse old code from old projects and libraries, unless it was written by someone who is more experienced than you, or unless it was written by a team of people who have more experience (combined) than you do (individually). You're old project code is not useful anymore, because any new code you write will be more organized and often will be better in almost every way.
* Finally, remember that you have limits. Some things might seem impossible now, but they will be much easier when you're older and more experienced. Some things might seem really easy if you're too confident or ambitious. Make sure to remember that you have limits, and that you need to gain more experience to overcome those limits. Don't waste time doing something that is too hard or too easy. Each individual has their own goldilocks zone, and finding it is not a science. Hopefully you are able to infer your goldilocks zone from your experience during your studies in school. If you don't know where it is, I can't help you, and no one can. It's up to you to push yourself with just the right amount of force to grow, succeed, and thrive.
