
# Pre Kyo light
<!-- This is the sort of thing you might put in the back of a book -->
Here begins the epic adventures of a brave hero, named Kyogur.

## World Building
I was born into your standard western-style medieval world with western magic. That means there were dragons, and wizards, and spells with incantantions. However, magic is not some hand-wavey thing to me. It's a science. Of couse, when I was younger, I just accepted any magic I saw as part of the way the world is, not some strange elusive thing that you would only here of in a fairy tale.

So, in my magical home world, there was magic. People could easily cast spells by using paper parchments or speaking incantantions fluently enough. So, most tasks were accompanied with some form of magic, which we may as well call run-of-the-mill "work" with how abundant it was.

This means that even the process of my mother going through labor to birth me was aided by magic, much like how you world uses technology to make the process easier and reduce the risk of the death. Richer families would usually have a doctor who knew holy magic come in to assist, but my doctor only knew water magic. Still, water mages were perfectly good at preventing bleeding if the mother had to be ripped open in any spots, and they could even slow blood flow to help clot any internal bleeding. This is quite painful for the recipient of the magic, but at least it prevents death. My mother only got a couple of bruises and was able to heal within a month, which is a lot better than some of the stories I've heard.

Anyways, everything in my original world was aided by magic, but none of the magic in that world was **anything like** what I experienced on a "daily" basis. As an infant, I didn't really see the full picture and just had to suffer through the process, but I think you would agree that what I went through was bizarre and potentiall scary. For me, there were only a few scary parts, and it wasn't any worse than growing up.

... Oh, I'm sorry about that. What I just said was kind of abstract, wasn't it? You probably want to know the complete story, as specifically as possible. Well, we will have to go over each day 1 at a time. Why?

Well, *"a good life feels like it only lasts for a day, and a bad day feels like it lasts for a lifetime"*, or something like that. What was the quote again? Well, I think it might be true for me. Or maybe the opposite is true. I would love to claim that a good day feels like it lasts a lifetime, since for me, it seemingly does. Jokes and weird quotes aside, every time I go to sleep in my homeworld, I literally have to live through an entire life, and when I die in that life, I wake up in my homeworld again. Isn't that crazy?

### Pre
I was born. When I went to sleep, Life 1 (next section) began.

## Life 1
I'm glad this life was short, because shorter lives when I was younger would have meant less confusion. Well, I apparently watched someone get eaten alive by wolves, and then I sat in a cage for an hour, and then I was fed to the wolves. *Ugh,* what is wrong with the people in that world? Ohhh... wait, I remember them. We see them again in Life 304. Should I be telling you that? Probably not. I heard someone say I can't leave "hanger cliffs" in my diary or something. Whatever.

## Post 1
This is a Post section. It denotes when I wake up after a given life. So, this is Post 1. Keep in mind, I reincarnate in another world anytime I go to sleep in my homeworld, so that means I have had days where I lived multiple lives and therefore it wouldn't make much sense to sort each life by the day it occured in.

Like many babies, I woke up crying and wailing, however my mother had no way of knowing the scene I just had to watch.

## Life 2
I woke up in a forest, which was new. Well, **everything** was new. What I didn't notice was that I was actually a goblin. My instincts told me to try moving my limbs around a bit, so I did. And then I started hungering for food. Fun fact: mental age doesn't matter as far as instincts are concerned. If I reincarnate as an adult goblin, then I get whatever insticts they get. As I tried moving my limbs around, I ended up falling off the stump I was sitting on. That hurt, so I made a "gwehwegeeee!" sound. No one was around to help, which made me nervous and I started crying. Eventually, my instincts reminded me that I should move. With the pain, I wanted to run, which didn't help. I ended up pushing as many muscles as my brain could locate as hard as I could. This sent my right arm slamming into the stump I fell off. I strained my left foot as I pressed down on my right and I ended up bonking my face into a bush and pressing my face against its leaves. After wincing from the pain of hitting the stump and swinging my arms around again, I ended up with my face planed in the ground underneath the bush, which was a bit muddier and made it practically impossible to breathe. Eventually I realized that pressing my arms forward at least moved my body a bit off the ground. But it took me 30 seconds before I was actually able to breathe, and that hurt, **a lot**.

At this point, I was enraged and wanted to break things, but I was also terrified and wanted to run. Unfortunately, the only thing I was going to break in the mean-time was myself, and it's not trivial for an infant to learn to walk in one day, even when its instincts command it to.

Unfortunately for me, goblins are a little less intelligent than humans. Fortunately for me, they weren't stupid either.

My mind ran at a pretty average pace, but I found myself strongly compelled to focus on my muscles and to make noise.

"Cooo ... cocoa ... gugegi ... jah!"

I made nonsensical sounds as I rolled around on the ground, and tried to use all 4 of my limbs to fight against gravity. My logic was to keep my face from landing in the mud again. The forest wasn't very muddy in most spots, and I eventually got myself on my back. I looked up at the sky and realized that the nasty ground wasn't bugging me anymore. After a moment, I figured the sky would hit me in the face just like the ground did, so I tried pushing it away as well. After a few minutes, I realized that the sky is not the same as the ground.

At this point in time, I was full of fear, and it wasn't dissipating quickly. In my panic, I tried using more muscles and managed to get my self sitting up for a moment, before I rolled over again, and then I began rolling down a hill. I rolled and rolled, which felt like losing a serious fist fight with the ground. It really sucks, especially for a goblin with the mind of an infant who isn't familiar with anything. You would think the unknown would scare me, but I was completely neutral to it. Again, goblin instincts influenced my behavior more than my mind, and I couldn't feel any of my human instincts anymore.

When I stopped rolling, my head hit a rock and my nose bled. This was extremely painful, but fortunately did not knock me out. I think I would have gotten eaten by the wolves if I would have been knocked out.

*Wolves?*

Yes, I'll tell you about those later.

When my face hit the rock, I began scrambling to get off the rock, and as my arms and legs hit the rock, I noticed that staying still caused less pain than hitting the rock. Once I finally stopped moving my arms, I got curious and decided to touch the rock with less force. This press did not result in pain for me. As I scrambled around, I made sure to not press on the rock too hard and managed to get myself on top of it. I felt satisfied with being on top of the rock, which I was somewhat attracted towards, despite hitting my head on it.

30 minutes later, a pair of wolves showed up.

"Graaahh!"

"Uu! Gugo!" I screamed back at them.

"Grrrr!!!"

"Gyaa!!"

They heard the fear in my voice, although I was more afraid of the ground than them at this point. The wolves did not like the taste of goblin, but they did enjoy killing anything that might be a potential threat, so they both charged at me. Fortunately for me, these 2 wolves did not get along with each other, and were only walking with each other because their instincts told them to always move as a group when possible. At least, that's how the woodland wolves in this world work. The beach wolves and tundra wolves prefer being alone though.

When the first wolf jumped at me, I flinched and pushed with all 4 limbs. The wolf caught my left leg and bit into it, which resulted in a tremendous level of pain that made my earlier skirmishes seem like strawberry pie with whipped cream on top in comparison. At this point in time, I entered a panic and my heart raced as fast as it could. *... Wow, I forgot goblins have such fast heart rates. Apparently my heart rate was at 300 BPM! Keep in mind: goblins have a resting heart rate of 52 BPM.*  I cried and screamed loudly as I thrashed my other limbs at the wolf. As I did this, it drug me down off the rock and slammed by back on the ground. This forced me to move my right arm differently so I wouldn't hit the rock with it. Fortunately, the second wolf came in, because its instincts confused me for prey and it wanted to take the first wolf's kill. The second wolf slammed the first one into the rock on my right, and I watched them claw at each other above me. I ended up being clawed 9 times and they left 26 claw marks on my body. One of those hit my left eye, blinding it, and another ripped a tendon in my left wrist. You would think the amount of blood this caused would kill someone, but goblins apparently have fast clotting blood. *Wasn't I lucky?*

Then, an adventure walked by, and both wolves glanced at it. The second wolf was smarter than the first, and managed to catch the first by surprise and kill it. The adventure saw this, and the second wolf turned around to run. The adventurer shot it with an arrow. Then he held our a small glass item which I couldn't see from where I was. This item was a scaning lens. It is a device that can check if a monster dropped any loot. The adventurer left when he saw the wolf didn't drop any loot. Noticing the wolf, killing it, and scanning for loot, only took the adventurer 4 seconds, so I'd say his gear was pretty efficient. I don't know why he bothered using the scanner though. Wolves almost in this world always drop loot, even if most of the damage is done by other monsters. I guess he wanted to see if it worked. Scanning lenses are designed for scanning kills using poison or poison, or for scanning drops from monsters that only have rare drops to begin with, like shock beetles.

I used up all my good luck for at least a week though, since usually a wolf can kill around 10 babies per minute. *In case you're wondering, I have met sadistic people who measure those kinds of things.*

I sat there, and looked at by green scabs and the green blood that I had left on the ground. I learned that these patterns were painful and should be avoided in the future. My instincts hated this pain and hated not being able to do anything.

The goblin body had a surprisingly high amount of endurance to physical damage, but I guess that's just how things worked in that world. I ended up crawling around for another 16 hours, which were pretty uneventful, until I ran out of good luck and was found by another adventurer. The adventurer saw me and immediately casted [fireball], which killed me in one hit.

## Post 2
I woke up and immediately started wailing, as you'd expect of an infant who just went through a nightmare a lot worse than the usual nightmare. Maybe you've had worse nightmares, but this is my story (no offense). Okay, okay. Sorry for the weird meta jokes.

Most of the thoughts and instincts of the goblin had faded, which was a good thing, and I was eventually soothed by my mother. I enjoyed the peaceful time I had in my home world. If it only it could have lasted longer.

Of course, there lies the question of whether Life 2 was just a nightmare or whether it really happened. To my mother, it seemed like I had just slept for a few hours, but I can assure you: each "life" I have lived was a real life.

## Life 3
At least not all lives are tragic, right?

Well, most of them were pretty uneventful. In this one, I reincarnated as a squirrel and was eaten by a hawk after just 10 minutes.

It was a nice 10 minutes though. I spent the entire time on a tree branch. The squirrel body was nice because my claws held me in place. Also, not knowing the hawk was going to eat me made things relaxing. I was a bit on edge the whole time, but I didn't think much of that, since I was too busy looking at the scenery. There were like 3 animals that passed by, and don't even get me started on how many plants I saw.

## Post 3
I was terrified, again, and wailed.

## Life 4
This time I woke up as a human. I found myself in a spectacular throne room of some king's castle. There were beautiful glass pane windows, which I looked at for a while. I ended up looking down and realized I was standing. This surprised me and I ended up falling down and landing on my back. That hurt quite a bit, and I remembered the fear of the ground that I felt when I was a goblin. It had only been around 20 hours since that encounter.

"Gyahhh!! Ugh!" I shouted at the light pain the ground caused.

"Hello? Are you alright?" A guard asked me.

I disregarded the pain after a moment, and saw a bunch of guards who were looking at me. They were all baffled, but I didn't even process any of that.

"Looks like he's a dud."

One of the mages came over and touched my head with some kind of staff. I found this annoying and flexed all of my limbs to get away from it. He looked at me with irritation, but didn't really care much.

"Well, he's got 20 skills, and really high stats."

Moving my limbs ended up flinging me 20 feet.

"Uuuwuh..." I made another noise, since the fling surprised me.

After a moment, a guard came over and hit me on the head, knocking me out.

When I woke up 3 hours later, I was in a prison, chained against a wall. Multiple metal rods and probes had been placed inside my torso, and some kind of current was being run through my body.

"Uuurghhh!!!" I struggled and spasmed as I suffered through the intense pain. My heart was racing and I had multiple heart attacks in a row. This should have killed me but someone used a healing potion on me. I ended being knocked out for another 30 hours, and then I woke up to even more pain. This time I tried pulling on the chains, and struggled for quite a few hours straight.

I also observed the room around me and the large machine placed inside it. I noticed that certain lights and hydraulics on the machine corresponded with pain in certain areas on my body, so at least I could predict that pain and see it ahead of time. The hours went on and on, as I continued struggling and continued watching the machine and the reserachers in the room.

The researchers tried talking to me many times, but I never responded to them. I did scream every once in a while, due to the pain, but it had nothing to do with the researchers or anything they said.

"It's like a monster or animal reincarnated as a hero."

"Well, at least we can harness his magic energy."

"I know! I've never seen a human with so much magic energy before."

The researchers talked about harnessing my magic energy. Again, I didn't know their language and only felt pain.

Eventually, the machien sucked out enough magic energy that my brain imploded. This put me out of my misery.

## Post 4
I woke up from that living nightmare and wailed for a few minutes, before I finally calmed down.

Lives 5 through 33 were mostly uneventful. They were all short lived. I reincarnated as lots of different creatures, and died in lots of different ways.

## Life 34
This life lasted very very long. This time I woke up a baby. Being a baby sucks, since I can't protect myself. But it's also great, since other people protected me. My new mother in this world was a beast person. They are a special race of humans with the body parts of beasts integrated into their bodies. Beast people are a normal part of the world's ecosystem in many worlds, because magic allows the parts of multiple creatures to be combined together. In case your wondering, the scnience behind this is actually very complex. You would have a much easier time curing cancer than using magic to artifically make a desired fusion of 2 lifeforms. Anyways, I won't bother describing the ecology of the World 34 in too much detail.

In World 34, beast people had many variants. Each variant had the body parts of different animals. My mother and I were the pig variant. This means we had pig ears, pig snouts, and little pig tails. Sound gross?

One of the first things I got to watch was my mother dying. That didn't bother me much, since I didn't have the time to get attached anyways. I ended up being picked up by some dude with 4 arms, who ran quickly as he held me like a stolen artifact. After a moment, I realized that I had watched a person die and started wailing. The guy carrying me tapped my mouth aggressively, and I ended up wailing louder. After a few most minutes, I got bored and decided to watch the scenery.

Fun fact: watching the scenery is was more fun when you're moving quickly, and mister 4 arms had a running speed of 30 miles per hour! Well, he wasn't running. He was actually using his 4 arms to jump and sprint off trees repeatedly. I ended up watching his arms move a few times, and was just as amused by them as I was by anything else.

Mr. 4 arms ended up taking me to a cave and leaving me in there. He clearly had other things to do and I didn't care.

Now I was laying on my back on a stone floor. This feels slightly unpleasant, but I much preferred it to having my face in mud, or landing on a thorny bush. I quickly figured out how to turn to my side, but I was cautious because I knew I might get stuck with my face on the floor if I turned too far. The cave had plenty of things to look at, including (but not limited too XD): stalactites, stagmites, and stawenites.

Stawenites are a feature found in some worlds, where water likes to move side to side on save walls and pretend that its growing tree branches out of stone. Well, the water doesn't need to be sentient. The stawenites are simply the result of a mana-chemical reaction between the air and the minerals in the water. This reaction causes the water to become waitless and start violently moving side to side. As the water hits the wall, some of the minerals in the water solidify and become part of the wall. Its low weight prevents in from carving holes in the wall, so you get stawnites. And that conclused today's episode of *Geology in another world with Kyogur*.


