
# Chapter 2
TITLE: Luck is on my side

*If you read the first chapter before July 20 of 2024, I suggest you re-read it now, because I extended it and modified some dialogue. I'm super sorry for not taking advantage of Webnovel's chapter draft feature. I'm new here and wasn't really thinking about it when I posted the 1st chapter. I was too busy writing I guess XD.*

## Discussion amongst the gods

Zevon: "Alright, looks like everyone is here ..." *frowns in disdain* "except for Alamech, as usual. Why is he always late?"

Tofurra made an evil smirk: "I suggest we punish him. I've been waiting for 20 million years!"

Gapratan: "Nononono1 Tofurra, we need to respect him, even his he is a pathetic astro-clutz."

Tofurra pouted and reluctantly accepted Gapratan's statement as the truth.

Zevon: "Well, if he doesn't show up then we can just let him miss out."

Aranook: "Wait, I feel his presence approaching right now."

Alamech panted as he ran through the Topaz Forest. Alamech eventually got to meeting room. All of the other gods looked at him with disgust and exasperation. They were all too familiar with him being late to their celestial meetings.

Tofurra sent an evil glare toward Alamech, a glare strong enough to kill any human within 100 feet: "For the record, I am quite fed up with your tardiness."

Alamech winced with some embarrassment: "Yeah, yeah. I know how much you love me."

Gapratan: "Stop bickering like that. We have more important matters to discuss."

Alamech: "Oh, by the way: would anyone like to know why I am late?"

Zevon: "Well, the official rules say we are supposed to discuss any instances of tardiness before the official discussions can begin."

Alamech: "Good. So, I'm late because I went to every world I could find and took out as many loans as possible."

The other 41 gods opened their eyes wide in shock. Some of them were clearly annoyed, because Alamech had taken out loans before and he was infamous for betting his borrowed money, losing his bets, and then not paying the loans back.

Zevon: "No! The last time you did that it crushed the global economies of 7 worlds."

Alamech: "Don't worry bro. This time I will be betting on something that I know will succeed!"

Zevon: "Part of me is afraid to hear what this is."

Alamech rubbed his hands together like an evil mastermind. He also grinned like an arrogant child, but he sees himself as a genius.

Alamech: "Unfortunately, my bet is related to the main topic of dicussion for this meeting!"

25 of the gods all start screaming. "No!" "Arghghg!!" "What is wrong with this guy!?" "Such a fool!" "Alamech!? More like Ala**crap**" "Why!? Jusy why..." "Funugufugullumana!!!!" "This!... Argh ... ughhh!!!"

Zevon: "Everyone! Get your minds together! We need to be rational."

Zevon told everyone to calm down.

Gapratan: "Well then. Let's discuss this."

All of the gods straightened their faces and uncrossed their arms to be more formal.

Zevon: "As you know, Deikine has selected a new hero to reincarnate. This hero survived the *Test of Attention* that was given by the *Great Translocator of Sentience*, Truck Kun."

"This hero selected difficulty setting 11, making her the first hero to ever go to the Elemental Dungeon World, Flamerice."

"Now, you all know our usual procedure. We shall place bets on whether the hero will make certain achievements."

"The 13 achivements for flamerice are:"

* The ultimate test of puzzle solving -- Complete the puzzle dungeon Jigallon.
* The ultimate test of perseverance -- Defeat Zeyexow and complete the spirit dungeon, Eslelsey.
* The ultimate test of stabbing
* The ultimate test of jumping
* The ultimate test of swimming
* The ultimate test of mining
* The ultimate test of swordsmanship
* The ultimate test of bowmanship
* The ultimate test of smithing
* The ultimate test of surviving through the weather
* The ultimate test of machine operation
* The ultimate test of foresight
* The final ultimate test -- Defeat the omage-tier demon lord, Orokimb, and save the world from his destruction.

"Alright. Now feel free to use your soul-chi interfaces to make your bets and describe the amount you are betting."

Tofurra looked at Zenon with a bored expression: "Is there even a point in betting if we are all gonna bet on none of these achievements being made. Come on. We both know that normal humans can't even pass any of these tests. Only isekai heroes with overpowered abilities, and skilled individuals from long lineages of skilled individuals can pass even **one** of these tests. Are you really expecting a woman to do any of these? Especially one who is reincarnating with 25 challenges enabled. There's no way she could even pass the intermediate test of jumping, let alone the expert one or the ultimate one."

Alamech then excitedly spoke up before Zenon would respond: "Actually, I am betting against you."

Tofurra: "You can't seriously be telling me that not only did you take out hundreds of massive loans, but now you are going to make the worst possible bet."

Alamech: "Well, I'm not telling you that, since I don't see this as the worst possible bet in the slightest."

Tofurra: "Ughgh! Fine! How much are you betting?"

Alamech: "Well, I have 2.9 trillion cosmic coins, so I'll bet 223,076,000,000 coins on each of the achievements."

Many of the gods heard this any became exited by the opportunity to earn a lot of coins. Their facial expressions even tensed up and they started leaning forward.

Loluloli, the god of glyphs and symbols, transformed his eyes into giant dollar signs.

## \$ w \$

Alamech used his screen to place his bets and all of gods quickly turned on their screens. Within a few moments, everyone has bet tens of billions, and in some cases, trillions, on every one of the achievements. Multiple gods even called various interdimensional banks and asked them to offer more loans to Alamech. As this happened, Alamech took out thousands more loans, and distributed all of his loans across all of the achievements. Many of the gods even agreed to let their money be used to pay the interest on some of Alamech's loans, since they still knew they were guaranteed to make a profit on this.

The question of "How would Alamech pay for all of the loans if he lost this bet?" was completely disregarded, because no one cared. The gods all knew, or at least thought that they knew, that Alamech would be their slave for a long, looong time after this bet concluded. They were also confident that Deikine would come up with a way to extract the value from Alamech if they got desperate.

Alamech now had 763 trillion coins in bets placed, and the other gods had 12.4 quadrillion in bets placed against him.

Tofurra: "Alamech, how are you ever going to pay back all of your debts when you lose this bet?"

Alamech: "Come on. You already know that I think that I know that I am going to win."

The most cosmic money Alamech had ever made in one day was 24,000 coins. That means it would take him at least over 87 million years to pay back the debt. If you account for interest and inflation, it is more like 4.4e830502 years. That's a number with 800,000 digits, by the way!

Tofurra: "Well, we'll see I guess."

## It's an isekai story
I woke up in the middle of a forest.

My first concern was to check my own health and status, because I knew that that is very important to survival.

I saw that I had clean clothes on. When I checked underneath the clothes I was disappointed to find that I had reincarnated as a man. Well, I guess one of my perks said that I take on a male form after sunrise. I looked at the sky, which I could see through the leaves, and it was blue, just like you would expect it to be.

I was very happy that I had no injuries at least, but I still had plenty of things to grope about.

Now, this forest was a jungle, which is actually the best kind of forest. Jungles have an abundance of food, and some of their plants are useful as materials, such as vines, lichen, and moss.

The concerning part about jungles is that they tend to be inhabited by poisonous plants and animals, as well as dangerous predators.

I had no idea where I was, relative to anything other tha what I could see, and I had no idea how long my body had been in the jungle, so I figured that "now is as good a time as ever" and started exploring.

As I explored, I had to carefully manuever across the roots of trees, and avoid any bushes that might harbor snakes or dangerous insects.

I ended up seeing some giant hornets, which I swear were individualls as large human children and could fly at 30 miles per hour. I hid in some bushes when they flew by, and either they were not interested in me or didn't notice me. Either way, I'm glad I survived that brief encounter.

I kept exploring, and found an open area, where the grass was really short for some reason. You know how you have to mow your lawn every once in a while? Well, this field looked a lot like a mowed lawn, and those don't just naturally occur in the jungle.

I decided to back away from the clearing, and continue exploring the trees. This time I was slower and tried to be quiet, while staying on high alert. I knew that there might be other creatures or people around, and that they might not be friendly.

I didn't know if I was lucky before the clearing, or unlucky after the clearing, but the terrain seemed to have become less predictable, with more quicksand, mudpits, piles of sticks, and hidden roots. I almost tripped about 5 times every 30 minutes.

After an hour of travelling, I suddenly saw a small blue blob flying towards me. I blocked the ball with my elbow, but it hurt. Somehow it started out hard and then softened as it grabbed my elbow with an intense grip. Then I felt an itching, burning sensation, as if the blob was made of acid. The blob seemed to maintain a spherical shape, despite being squishy, and it was wriggling as if it was alive. Then I saw a pair of cute eyes appear on its surface, and a small purple ball appear near the center of the blob's body.

Me (thoughts): 'Oh, it\'s a slime, like in an RPG.'

The slime was starting to hurt my arm quite a bit, so I walked over to a tree and slammed my arm into a stubby branch that was sticking out of a tree. This seemed to damage the slime, because it got off my arm. I decided to run, and the slime began chasing me, by repeatedly hopping in my direction. I was only able to run for 15 seconds before I got tired, which surprised me. The slime was still chasing at a good speed. The way the slime compresses and then expands before it launches forward is quite strange. This also makes its gore glow and dim, which implies that it might be using some kind of magic to do the jump.

As I speed-walked away from the slime, I looked for any pit I could get the slime trapped in. I got lucky and saw what looked like a 3 foot drop. I stood in front of it, and let the slime jump towards me. Then I quickly stepped to the side and let the slime fall in the pit. I immediately picked up a large rock and dropped it on the slime. The slime seemed stuch under the rock, so I started stabbing at it with sticks and twigs. Eventually, the slime finally died.

Part of me wanted to just leave, but then I remembered:
* 'Slimes are common creatures in vidoe games and fantasy. Therefore, it might have some kind of drop or loot. I need to check. Of course, people also usually gain experience for killing monsters in games, and I didn't get an indicator of any experience, but I have no way of knowing how the experience works. The game *Skyrim* only gives the player experience for using skills. Dropping a rock on the slime and killing it with sticks might not count as using any skills and might not be registered as a skill anyways.'

While I thought about this, I picked up the rock, and searched around where it was. There, I only found the shattered shards of the slime's core.

Me (thoughts): 'Well, this is clearly that purple core. Hmm... I wonder what should I do with it?'

My stomach: "Grrr Gurgle Grrr!!!"

Me (thoughts): 'How am I already hungry? It's only been 2 hours. Well, I haven\'t seen any food, but I know in some RPGs the player can get food from monsters. Oddly enough, the slime didn\'t drop and of its goop / flesh. So, I guess the only potential food I have is its core fragments. Welp, I ain\'t got much to lose if I just eat it, right? Besides, there\'re only only 2 ways to find out whether something is edible: ask someone else or just eat it.'

After considering it and convincing myself, I decide to eat the slime core fragments. The core had shattered into 5 pieces which were roughly the same size. By the way, I should also clarify that the fragments were soft, and gooey on their edges, but firm and solid on the flat areas of their faces. It was kinda weird how they were seemingly designed to not have sharp points that could potentially harm anyone.

Me: "Ooooh woah! Yum! *Slurp* *Suck*"

The slime core fragments were so delicious that I had to scream about it. They tasted sweeter than pure sugar, kind of like an artificially sweetened pastry. They also had this nice warm feeling when they hit the back of my throat, and left a thin goo with a strong aftertaste in my mouth.

Me (thoughts): 'Wow! Are these things intended to be eaten or something?'

They also had a weird earthy flavor in the aftertaste, but I ignored that.

Unfortunately, 5 other slimes had heard my scream. Fortunately, they were just as dumb as the first slime. I grabbed a branch covered in tons of leaves and twigs as a shield, and started dodging the slimes. The slimes ended up destroying the small twigs and leaves on the branch very quickly as they repeatedly hit it, but I was able to control their movement with it.

Eventually, I managed to trick all 5 slimes into falling in the pit at once. I dropped the large rock down on them, but it only trapped 4 or them.

Fortunately, I was able to grab another branch and eventually trapped the 5th slime between part of the pit's wall and the rock. I then used more sticks to kill off the slimes, one by one. Unforunately, the slimes softened the sharp tips of the branches into smooth ends as soon as they hit them, and I needed a sharp tip to puncture their body and deal any damage to them. This meant that I had to use dozens of branches to kill off the slimes.

Me (thoughts): 'I guess I will have to start collecting sticks and branches, not for starting campfires, but for killing off all of these slimes.'

I then started eating the slime cores. I was really excited as I havested them. I decided I would harvest the cores from all 5 slimes and then eat them all in one go. I put the fragments on a tree stump I found nearby. The slime that had escaped from the roch and that I had to hold down with a branch had 8 fragments, which were larger than the fragments from the other slimes. The other 4 slimes has 3, 3, 5, and 6 fragments. It seemed that the size of their cores were different.

Me (thoughts): 'Maybe the slime with 8 fragments was stronger than the other slimes. Or maybe its core was in a better condition because it wasn\'t crushed by the rock.'

Of course, I wasn't sure how the slimes or their fragments worked, since I knew nothing about the world's ecolony and the anatomy of its creatures.

With the fragments collected and on the stump, I started eating them, from the smallest to the biggest. Oh man, those fragments really tasted quite delicious. Also, they seemed really wet when they entered my mouth, almost like they were hydrating me, which was really nice. It felt extra nice swallowing them. After the first few, I realized I could just on them like a hard candy, since they slowly dissolved in my mouth. Those slime core fragments were the best candy I had ever had. I could only imagine how much they would have sold for at a market or store.

At this point in time, the excited part of me was hoping for more slimes, and the fearful part of me was hoping to find somewhere safe with no monsters. The logical part of me knew that the fearful part was dreaming too big because I was playing on maximum difficulty and there was no way any place would be even relatively safe.

Me: "Welcome to *No man's land*. Or when my body transforms into my female form, *No woman's land*."

I giggled and then remembered that more monsters like those slimes might here me if I talk or giggle.

Oh and that couldn't have been more true!

After walking a few hundred feet, the next thing that happened is a giant hornet came after me. I figured I was too close to its nest and started running back the way I came. I started intentionally running through the thicker bushes and the trees with more branches, and it seemed to slow the hornet down quite a bit. Unforunately, moving through the bushes was very difficult for me. After I got through the bushes, I came across what looked like regular grass, but it turned out to be growing in mud and silt. At this point in time, there were more hornets coming. It seemed to be at least 20, potentially as much as 200. Considering each hornet was the size of a person, I was a bit shocked that that many of them could even survive in this jungle.

Me (thoughts): 'I guess there is a lot of food for them to find, since this is a jungle.'

Yes, I was thinking about where they get their food instead of completely focusing on running for my life.

Honestly, I was quite good at navigating in forests because I had done a lot of hunting and I even used to explore the *Amazon* jungle with a crazy friend of mine.

What do you do when there are 50 hornets that want you dead?
* Well, go somewhere they can't go, of course.

Now, I knew better than anyone else that going into mud or water in a jungle is a horrible idea. There could have been crocodiles or pirhanas in there. However, I figured that whatever was in the water would be less dangerous than the hornets. This was just a hunch really, and I knew just how bad of an idea going into the water might be. So, I decided to jump into the water and bury my legs into the silt underneath it. I also picked a spot where the grass and nearby trees would hopefully help to obscure me.

Somehow, this worked. Nothing bit or stung me while I was in the water, and the hornets couldn't find me. They probably also didn't like the water, since it greatly inhibits flying and there might have been predators or parasites in the water that could harm the hornets. As I thought about this, I started to feel anxious and impatient. I didn't want to sit in the silt and water any loger than necessary.

Once I was sure that the hornets were gone, I crawled out of the water. This was quite difficult, since the silt was kind of sticky and I had the entire lower half of my body covered by the stuff.

When I got out of the water, I noticed that the silt was kind of slimey.

Me (thoughts): 'Maybe the slimes spawn or reproduce in there. Maybe they eat the stuff. Or maybe its some kind of biproduct or slime feces. Well, so much for clean clothes.'

My clothes were extremely dirty at that point in time.

I spent an extra few minutes taking the clothes off and checking my body for any injuries.

Me (thoughts): 'I am somewhat surprised there are no cuts or bruises. My left elbow is still red and slightly bruised from when that the slime attacked it. I guess I can call the past few hours a huge success.'

Yes, surviving in a jungle like that really is a huge success, especially when you are playing on the maximum difficulty setting.

I took my clothes over to some clearer water and rinsed them out, at least as well as I could. I saw some rabbits on the way there, which was interesting.

Then I wrung my wet clothes out, to dry them, and put them back on, even though they were still very wet, because I at least wanted something to protect my soft skin from getting cut by the tree bracnhes.

Then I kept exploring, and made sure to stay away from where I encountered the hornets. Unfortunately, there were monsters everywhere in that jungle. After 30 minutes of walking, I came across a 2-headed giant grizzly bear. The bear stood about 15 feet tall, when on all-fours.

Bear: "Raurwrrrwrrwwoar!!! Rarr! Urrr!"

The bear roared as soon as it saw me and ran towards me. I didn't even try to run. Instead, I went over to the largest tree I could see nearby, since at least it would force the bear to go around the tree to reach me. You are probably really familiar with this trick, since its the simplest way to prevent someone from attacking you. As the bear ran towards me, it destroyed all of the trees in its way. One of those trees was 18 inches thick! This tree was 10 feet thick, and quite tall, so I hoped it would stop the bear. The bear got to the tree I was behind and didn't try to break it. As the bear came over on my left, I ran to the right, going counter-clockwise around the tree, and managed to not get killed.

The brear started chasing me in circles, and it was clear that the bear could turn very quickly. It was also bumping both of its heads into branches. I noticed this and decided to move jump to the side where I saw some pine-like trees with branches at the same height at the bear's heads. The bear also immediately jumped. I rolled out of the way, of the bear's jump and watched it soar for about 10 feet, which was quite impressive, before its right head slammed into one of the tree's branches.

I don't know why a pine-like tree is growing in the jungle, but I'm extremely glad it is.

The bear's right head got infuriated, and they started biting at each other. While they did that, I ran through some dense trees, hoping my shenanigans would buy me enough time to live to tell this crazy tale.

I ran through the trees, and found a clearing, again with short grass, as if someone was maintaining it and cutting it short. Then I saw a bunch of chickens. The chickens had manes on their heads that resembled fire. They were shaped like flames and has stunning red and orange colors. The chickens noticed me and made a high-pitch squealing noise.

Chickens: "Queeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! Kya kya kyah!"

Then the chickens started a group attack on me, spitting fire balls in my direction. One of the fire balls got close to my left shoulder and burned through my shirt. I had to take my shirt off and put out the fire by stomping on the shirt, which was hard because the chickens were still throwing more fireballs at me. The burn on my shoulder also hurt quite a bit more than it should have.

I tried running away, and half of the chickens chased after me. Sadly, I couldn't really run, since apparently this body had no endurance. Therefore, I ended up speed walking.

I speed walked for 60 seconds and then the chickens behind me stopped.

Bear: "Roarararraghhh roar rarrrghh!!!!!"

The bear was clearly very angry at me. At least I was on the other side of the clearing now.

The chickens that were chasing me decided to regroup with their friends.

Me (thoughts): 'Are they going to fight the bear???'

The chickens grouped together and all of them started spinning their heads around synchronously. The bear came out and came running in my direction. Then, the chickens glowed a orange color and a tornado of fire appeared directly in front of the bear.

Of course, I was smart, and made sure to speed walk away from this while looking behind myself to watch.

Me (thoughts): 'Wow. Luck really is on my side, even though this jungle is incredibly dangerous.'

As I continued walking, I really started to notice just how difficult the jungle's terrain was to handle. I really had to put my walking skills to the test in order to avoid moving my center of mass up and down too much since that would be exhausting. After 5 minutes, I saw some flying creates about 200 yards to my left, so I decided to avoid them. After another 20 minutes, I saw huge opening of short grass on my right, so I tried to avoid that. Eventually I ended up finding a marshy area, like before, with lots of grass growing out of mud and water. This time there were some plants that I could actually identify as reeds. That was somewhat relieving, since it at least the reeds made it more obvious that the ground was swampy. As I looked around, I saw a bunch of slimes again.

Me (thoughts): 'Where are all of the poisonour frogs, snakes, and exotic species in this jungle? With how many vines the trees have, and how large the leafy plants are, I know this is not a normal forest. The plants are clearly quite tropical, even if the trees are thick and gnarly like oak trees.'

By the way, I could not overstate just how strange this jungle was. It was like it wanted to be a European forest, with all of the weird trees and the lack of small colorful creatures.

I walked around the swamp area, and continued looking at the wildlife and wondering why it was so strange. Then, some slimes jumped out of the swamp and attacked me.

Previously, all of the slime were a cyan (i.e. sky blue) color, but this group was different. The group was composed of 19 cyan slimes and 1 dark blue slime. The dark blue slime was twice as large and had a large core with a strong glow.

Me (thoughts): 'Perhaps it is a higher level slime.'

I was weary of the dark blue slime and began running towards a pit I had seen earlier. I was smart this time and had moved some boulders over to where the pit was. I had also located multiple trees I could find, and I had found some vines that I could use as ropes for myself. I did not think that the vines would help me contain the slimes though, since they were able to dissolve wood and even my skin.

The slimes followed me, and many of them managed to attack me. I crawled through some bushes and that seemed to slow them down a lot.

Me (thoughts): 'I kind of wonder why they don't just go over the bushes. Maybe the bracnhes just hurt them that much.'

To be fair, the bushes were scratching up my skin and clothing quite a bit, and I was being really careful to avoid their branches.

I got out of the bushes, and ran over to my pit. All of the slimes approached me, with the dark blue slime in front, because he could jump farther and move faster. The dark blue slime jumped at me and I held a stick up. I managed to slow him down a bit, but he sent me flying backwards. Luckily, I had anticipated that, and put myself just in front of the pit. The slime then lunged at me again, and this time I was on top of a rock and managed to push him down into the pit. All of the other slimes came, and a bunch of them got on top of the rock.

Me (thoughts): 'I guessed they like having the high ground.'

I actually was hoping they would do that, because their leader was quite strong and annoying. I just barely dodged 8 of the slimes as they jumped down on me, but 2 of them managed to land on my belly, and the dar blue slime slammed into my hip as he jumped up. Luckily, the cyan slimes landed on the dark blue slime and slowed him down. This gave me enough time to roll the bould onto all of them. Unfortunately, they other 9 cyan slimes had me surrounded and started attacking me. I jumped onto a branch, landing on my left side, and managed to move 3 slimes off my left side. The left arm and shoulder were hurting a lot at that point in time, but I needed to survive.

With my left side cleared, I was just barely able to speed-walk to the bushes. I still couldn't run, because my body was so weak, and that annoyed me. I jumped into the bushes and was able to get all 11 of the slimes off of me, with some effort. I then speed-walked away from the bushes, and the slimes kept trying to attack me. It was quite difficult to not get surrounded by them. I was pretty sure they wanted to eat me.

I went over to the otherside of the pit. Keep in mind, the boulder I had dropped on the dark blue slime was only filling half of this pit, due to its size and shape. On the empty side, I tricked 6 more slimes into jumping into the pit and dropped them into the pit. Luckily, none of the slimes had escaped from the boulders, but the boulder with the dark blue slime on it was still shaking a little bit. I figured the dark blue slime would require a lot more work, but I knew I had to take care of the 6 remaining free slimes first.

The 6 free slimes tried attacking me, so I picked up a branch and started circling around them with the branch between us. Unfortunately, the slimes cut through the branch quickly, and one of slimes was smart enough to go around it and attack me back. It hit my butt and bounced off. I focused on the 5 slimes in front of me, since they were a bigger threat, for that moment. I tricked the slimes into jumping into the bushes, and attacked them with multiple branches. I made sure to focus on hitting them one at a time by stabbing them with smaller branches, while using the larger branches to block as many of the others as I could. I ended up getting hit by them dozens of times, and my clothing had lots of holds in it. The one slime was still attacking my butt, and I could feel my skin back there blistering.

Eventually, I killed the 6 free slimes. Then I moved over to the 2nd boulder, and rolled it up, to reveal the 5 slimes that it had killed. I got 45 slime core fragments, with similar sizes and drop counts to the previous slimes. I decided I would eat these fragments first before tackling the dark blue slime, because the 1st boulder was still shaking a tiny bit.

Me (thoughts): 'Hmmm, I wonder why that big dark blue slime can\'t lift the boulder. And I wonder if his buddies died. I could imagine the mass of the dark blue slime cushioning the fall of the boulder and preventing it from killing the other 8 cyan slimes. Well, I don\'t know anything about their biology so I can\'t make assumptions.'

I put the first slime core fragment in my mouth, and I was once again amazed.

Me (thoughts): 'Mmmffff!!! This tastes so good.'

This time I made sure to not make any noise, but it was very, **very** hard to contain my sheer excitement over the incredible deliciousness of the slime core fragment.

Me (thoughts): 'Why do these taste so good anyways? It makes no sense. Why am I being rewarded so much for killing a monster. I thought I had 25 curses that make life harder. Well, in actuality, my life is quite difficult, and I\'m not even out of the water with that big \'ol dark blue slime yet.'

I continued eating the slime crystal fragments, but it was very difficult to do so. Every particle of my being wanted to slowly savor them instead of hogging them down like I was. They also attacked my tongue and made me want to cream with joy.

Once I had finished the slime core fragments, I felt extremely motivated to take on the dark blue slime.

I collected a bunch of branches, specifically looking for thick ones with lots of sharp points from sub-branches that had been broken off of them. Then I lifted the boulder and attacked the dark blue slime. Even after just nudging the bould a little bit, the dark blue slime managed to push the boulder up higher and almost escaped me. I expected this and used my legs to protect myself and hold it in place. The slime hurt quite a bit as it thrashed at my legs and tried to escape, but it was too injured to win. I stabbed and stabbed and stabbed the slime many times. I had to use 20 different branches to kill it. Also, the slime had pressed my legs up against the boulder, and put a lot of serious bruises on them.

Me: "Owww... Hurrrr..."

I was in quite a bit of pain, but at least I had some work to show for it. I collected the slime core fragments from the slimes that had died under the 1st boulder. The cyan slimes dropped only 27 fragments, and the dark blue slime dropped 10 fragments. The dark blue slime's core was a bright pink color, unlike the darker purple cores of the cyan slimes. I took my time eating the slime core fragments, and also collected some to lay down on. I found a small hill with some big trees that I figured could help block any monsters that might attack me. As I layed down.

I ate all of the cyan slime core fragments first, and then looked at the sky. Well, more like the clouds. The sky had been covered in thick clouds all day. Now the clouds were pink and orange instead of grey.

Me (thoughts): 'I guess the sun is setting. Too bad I don't set to see the actual sunset. However, the rays shining through these clouds, and the overall shapes of these clouds, are plenty beautiful enough.'

Then I started to think about my day so far, and how I was going to survive in this crazy world. I also remembered all of the challenge perks I had been given. I realized that every monster and person hates me, and that I would have to have a lot more tough battles in the future.

As I lay there getting lost in my thoughts, I suddenly felt a strange tingling sensation, and noticed my body was glowing.

Me (thoughts): 'Uuu buh wha huh!? What's going on??? Why am I glowing? Maybe ... Am I leveling up or something?'

After a moment, I felt really pleasant and relieved.

Me (thoughts): 'The pain from all my cuts and bruises is gone. Wait! My cuts and bruises are actually gone! Oh my carrots! Wait, why do I feel funny. My hips, arms, face, everything now that I am focusing on it...'

Me (whispering excitedly): 'Woah! I transformed back into my original female body!'

## ---- ----

One god is crazy and bets that the MC is actually going to succeed and earn all of the achievements.

Our MC reincarnates as some dude in the jungle. Then he has to fight slimes and other magical creatures in the jungle.

And when he decides it's time to watch the sunset, he realizes that the sky is not the only thing changing.

## Maximum Difficulty Unlocked!
