
# Chapter 3
## The beginning of a night that doesn't want to end

At this point in time, I was overjoyed. Being back in my original body felt a lot better than any of those slime core fragments tasted. It just feels so right to be back in my original body, and the male body just felt kinda ... wrong. Hopefully you understand what I am saying here.

I held one of the dark blue slime's core fragments in my hand, and really questioned whether I should eat it. My emotions were all over the place, especially now that my injuries had been healed and my body had been given back.

Me (thoughts): 'If I eat this, it might taste so good that I will be screaming all night along, assuming that the flavor gets better as the slime gets stronger. i.e. assuming their is a positive correlation between fragment flavor and slime strength. Okay, that double alliteration was kinda cool.'

'Well, if I shout, it shouldn\'t be a big deal. Now that my injuries are healed, I can afford to add a few more. Heeheehee, har har har. Obviously, I don\'t want to do that. It would take so long for the injuries to heal. Also, if I am not mistaken, the injuries will return when I return to my male body during the day. Hmm... that sounds like it might not be so fun. I should see if I can get some supplies, and set up some kind of a shelter for the day. It\'s just bruises and scratches, so it\'s not too bad, but I still want to be able to relax and heal. Well, I guess I have a lot of things to think about and focus on.'

'Also, is it just me, or are the days here shorter than normal? You see, I\'ve been awake for only 6 hours, I think, and it\'s already night time. My sense of time is usually spot on like a bullseye on a dart board, so I can be sure either I woke up later in the day or the days are shorter. Considering how cloudy it was, the former possibility might be the true one.'

Miles away, in the background: "Roawwwrrh!!!"

I heard a roar, but wasn't sure what it was. I figured it could be any of the creatures in this jungle that I was lucky enough to not have found yet.

I switched my attention back to the dark blue slime core fragment in my hand.

Me (thoughts): 'I should come up with an acronym for these. SCF = slime core fragment. Alright, now ... should I eat this?'

As I stared at the dark blue SCF, I started to have a feeling, which told me that it would be okay now, even if I screamed now and made lots of noise. Somehow, I knew that I would be safe. Also, for some odd reason, there was a little voice in the back of my mind telling me that I should eat every SCF I get and that I should eat them sooner rather than later.

I didn't really understand how I would be safe from the mysterious monsters of this jungle, and I didn't understand why I should be in a rush to eat these SCFs, but I somehow knew that both facts were true.

Me (thoughts): 'I guess you would call it intuition. My intuition has always been really good and really trustworthy ... even though it is sometimes hard to explain and justify to other people.'

After thinking about it really hard, I concluded that I should eat the SCFs, and enjoy them too.

I slowly moved the smallest SCF to my mouth and touched it with the tip of my tongue.

Me: "Oooohhhh woah! Ahhh! Why does it have to taste **sooo** good!?!?"

"Mmmm... Hmmff. Mmmhmm. Ooooummmmmhhmhmhm!"

I sucked on the SCF and felt it get smaller in my mouth as its slimy edges slid off its hard inside, and as its inside softened into more slimy edges. These SCFs sure were a lot of fun to eat due to the way they changed shape and texture as I ate them.

I ate the rest of SCFs, and they really made me feel special inside. They made me feel like my life had a special purpose that went beyond this world and like there was nothing that anyone or anything could ever do to change that. Yes, eating good really does make me feel that good!

Me (thoughts): 'Ah, being in the female body is so nice. Apparently my brain chemistry and emotions greatly depend on which body I am in, since I am experiencing much stronger emotions than I did with the male body. I know these dark blue SCFs taste much better than the cyan SCFs, but the flavor of the SCFs just isn\'t enough to explain this tremendous difference in my emotions.'

I laid back and relaxed for a few minutes, but I wasn't mentally tired yet. I was physically exhausted from all of the walking and running and stabbing I had done during the day, but I had only been awake for 6 hours. That wasn't even the length of a standard work shift. Also, I was used to doing physically exhausting exercises, and surviving in the wild. None of what had happened that day could overwhelm me.

Me (thoughts): 'So much for this being the "maximum difficulty"! Today wasn't even that challening. Well, I must have been really lucky. I bet tomorrow will be much harder.'

'...'

'Wait, hold on one sec. Ummm, where are all of the plants and animals in this jungle. The trees grow 100 to 300 feet tall, and there are tons of vines and stuffs. Some of the trees look like oaks, maples, and pines, but most of these trees look like standard jungle trees. For example, those trees (I'm looking at a specific section of trees a hundred feet away) look like Kapok trees. And those ones (in another spot) look like Cacao trees. And that one reminds me of the strangler fig.'

'If I remember correctly, a few miles south of here there were a bunch of trees that looked like cashaponas, also known as walking palms. The standard cashapona has a 20 meter tall trunk, with dozens of thin straight roots, arranged in a cone, holding it up, kind of like a tipi or like the legs of an office chair. The cashapona in this jungle are far stranger though. Firstly, some of them stand far far taller than any of the ones I saw when I was exploring the Amazon jungle back home. One of the cashapona here was 200 feet tall. It had what looked like 500 legs, instead of 50. And most importantly, some of the legs went out at extreme angles, and a few even had bends in them, as if it was actually walking. There is a theory that the cashapona on Earth can walk, but they don't do so by beding their legs. Instead, the just slowly grow their legs in the direction where they want to go. At least, that's the theory. The ones here looked like they might do something more ... forceful. Considering there is a 3-headed bear and fire breathing chickens in this jungle, I wouldn\'t be surprised to see a giant cashapona walking around like an ent.'

While I thought about how strange this jungle is, I suddenly saw something approaching in the darkness. It seemed to be a wolf, but I would be a fool to think I knew what it was. It got closer, and I saw it more detail. It was hard to see, since the sun's light was gone, and the moon and stars were still covered by clouds. But I could still see the beast well enough. I saw it had glowing red eyes, with 2 pupils in each of them. I looked at its front legs, and realized they weren't the legs of a wolf. Rather, they were bulky green humanoid arms. The seemed to be arms of an orge or an orc. I couldn't really tell, because I didn't know what those species looked like anyways, and it was dark out there. The wolf's arms also seemed to be somewhat slimy, because they seemed to be more reflective than they should have been.

The wolf just ... **stared** at me for a second. Almost like it was confused. I could feel the anger as it huffed its breath, and I could see it squinting its eyes in dissatisfaction. It must have been looking for something over than me.

Then the wolf began running. It ran right past me. Due to its angle, it would have bumped into me pretty harshly, so I had to jump to the side.

Me (thoughts): 'Wah wow! That was close! If I had been any less lucky I would have died right then and there.'

Then a thought occurred to me.

Me (thoughts): 'Wait, why was the wolf alone? Wolves hunt in packs, right?'

'Oh, whose leg am I pulling? ... err, who do I think I am? That might not have even been a wolf. And if it was a wolf, maybe is was a scout, or maybe the rest of the pack is already hundreds of feet ahead of it and it just decided to come investigate me because it was the only one who heard me or the only one who considered a human girl like me to worth its attention.'

'Yeah, yeah. What do I know? Anyways, I got more important things to worry about than than random wolf, I think.'

## ---- ----

[Chapter summary goes here]

## Maximum Difficulty Unlocked!
