
## Chapter 1
### Rayrime always eats alone
"Hey Rayrime, why do you always seem to be so lonely?"

"Hey Qiamal, why are you asking such a sensitive question?!"

Rayrime sounded stressed when she said this and was clearly close to stuttering. She was afraid that Qiamal would realize how pretty she was and start trying to "reel her in".

"Well, im kinda worried about you. However, you also seem to want to be lonely, considering how you eat lunch alone."

"No. Im just a werewolf, that's all. You see, werewolves prefer to eat food alone, since they don't want to risk allowing others to eat their food."

"Rayrime, was that some kind of joke? It wasnt funny at all. What is more funny is the fact that you said something so absurd. I dont want to laugh at you, because i dont want to hurt your feelings; but, you are practically asking to be laughed at."

"Qiamal, you such a rude pile of rubbish trash!!!" Rayrime shouted. She knew this wasn't true, but she wanted Qiamal to stop pressuring her like this.
* "... leave me alone" Rayrime said softly.

It was clear to Qiamal that Rayrime was becoming an emotional mess. So, he wanted to help.
* "Fine. I will leave Rayrime the werewolf alone. But i still need to accomodate Rayrime the human." Qiamal stated proudly while puffing out his chest.

Rayrime then said: "Great, your puffing your chest out like a human. We are both just acting like animals at this point ..."
* *slurp*
* *munch*
* *chew chew*
* "ugh. I guess i should be civilised and allow other people to eat lunch with me, if they want to."

"Yeah. I heard my buddy Logan tell me about what you said yesterday. You told him that if he sat next to you, you would make a scene and tell a professor that he got turned on by your beauty and decided to molest you."

"Ohhh; good idea! I could make you get the hail away from me too."

"Rayrime, im not going to molest you --"

"You sure?!?!" It was at this point in time that Rayrime started pulling up her shirt. It only took 0.5 seconds for Qiamal to see her belly button. Qiamal has watched enough romance movies to know what will happen next if he keeps looking her way. So, he tried to jump out of his seat, unfortunately for him, the table was in his way. He ended up tripping and falling on his face. The table was at least sturdy enough that no food was spilled, but Qiamal got a bloody nose and scraped both of his elbows.

"Ahh, shight! Qiamal! Why did you do that?!"

"Why did **YOU** do that other thing?!?!" Qiamal turned around and shouted.

"Ha. He. Haha. Hiiiii. That's ... that's kinda funny." Rayrime grinned and laughed at Qiamal.

"Are you a sadist or something?" Qiamal said.

"A sadist? A say disk? S A Y D I S K. Or Acedist? A C E D I S T?" Rayrime was now just asking questions normally, while looking at the bump between Qiamal's legs."

"That's rude... and sadist is spelled S A D I S T." As Qiamal said this, he clumsily changed his posture to hide the bump, and did a gesture with his hands, trying to calm himself down.

"Ok ok ok. Next time, i guess i wont do that. Believe it or not, i dont like seeing you flustered and angry at the same time. Hehe. Even tho i am having a lot of fun just realizing the consequences of the own actions. I should be more uhhh conscious of how my actions affect you, shouldn't I?" Rayrime used her critical thinking skills to think of the right thing to say.

