> I was really careful writing this, because I don't want to be too dishonest. Sometimes, I act immature, because resisting my instincts every second of the day is difficult, and I have a lot of energy that is just hard to contain. However, I seem to do a good enough job at reserving all of my immature behavior and inappopriate thoughts for when I am at home, because almost no one has ever noticed them.

Yeah bro, I think there are some problems with what you wrote here.

I feel really confident all the time, and I like to believe that I can probably learn to do just about anything as well as the average person, but I am really weird, and certain tasks turn out to be far more difficult for me than my father expects them to be. I'm pretty sure other people have also noticed that sometimes I can overthink things or even just not understand the idea they are trying to communicate, and that causes issues. I really hope other people won't get upset at me, because it's really not my fault. I can't have perfect understanding all the time. I don't understand how other people do so well.

And that's not all. It's not even the beginning. I have a compelling desire to understand things. I want to know the what first, and I want to know the exact composition of the what, and then I want the how second. Sometimes, with emotional issues, I want to know the why, so I can figure out how to avoid or stop the issue in the future. But getting that understanding can be a long and painful process that other people do not have the time to wait on me for. And unfortunately for them, I really can't function without understanding what's going on. In fact, the best I can do if I don't understand, is pick up whatever I'm supposed to interact with, and try to break it. That's not very helpful, ever. So I always tell other people to leave me alone when they ask me to interact with things I don't understand. It's somewhat irritating when they insist that I understand it, but I can just let them be.

In conclusion, I am not someone that anyone should ever rely on. I will make mistakes, even when I understand everything perfectly. When I don't understand things, I will be as useless as a fly on the wall, and sometimes I'm not even responsible enough to get a good night's sleep so I don't even have the mental capacity to learn how to understand the things.

You might think I sound pathetic, or you might be upset about the fact that I'm only saying negative things about myself. Well then, you should just calm down, or go find something else to be upset about. I don't think I'm pathetic. In fact, I think I'm really amazing. I think everyone should admire me, when they see me trying my best. However, my flaws really bug me. They hurt me. Everything I've said here is very emotionally important to me, and these flaws describe an emotional challenge that I have been dealing with for a long time now. I can't let it rest, because it hurts. It hurts a lot. I'm not going to pretend it doesn't.


