Most of 1.0 features are poorly implemented. Mojang has known this, and they haven't wanted to spend too much time expanding on them because expanding on an existing feature is _boring and lazy._ So, Mojang has focused on new features in all of the most recent updates.
* Moving through water was always a pain and there was no incentive to use it other than for preventing fall damage. Occeans and lakes were either obstacles or simple decorations. The solution to this was to make oceans interesting, make swimming fun, and add bubble columns that make water on its own very useful.
* Villagers had a janky menu that was hard to navigate. Villages were bland structures. Villager trades were too random and players killed villagers who weren't useful to them. The solution to this was to revamp villages, making them interesting to new players and far more useful to old players, as well as removing the incentive to kill villagers by allowing their professions to be changed. The new raid events also add a lot of character to villages and make the game feel more like a real world with a real backstory.
* The nether was a boring dimension with pigmen that were originally planned to be the game's villagers. Mojang added piglins, who actually function as a simpler version of villagers, bastion remnants, which encourage exploration, and a system to _upgrade_ your tools rather than replacing them.
* The undergrounds of Minecraft were a boring and did not fit the original design plans of Minecraft being a cave game. A cave game ought to have interesting and realistic caves! So Mojang fixed the caves, and made the actual exploration of caves far more worthwhile. This truly added _depth_ to the world and was the 1st step in making the game live up to its original vision.
* Keep in mind, Minecraft was originally supposed to be a sandbox game with procedurally generated dungeons and RPG elements. It was supposed to encourage players to mine for resources, craft tools, and explore dungeons. The cave update was a very basic start to actually living up to this original vision.
* 1.19 expanded on caves more, and added an incentive for players to be sneaky. The new mechanics introduced by this update were truly intriguing and actually changed the public image of the game. Minecraft has a difficult and interesting challenge at the bottom of the world now, for the players who are brave enough to take it on. The new sound system and the improved focus on sounds is also a nice change to a fundamental part of the game that many players take for granted. However, as many players pointed out, this update was not wild, even though it was a nice change of pace.
* The next update, 1.20, added more customization options for armor, using the same block that was used for upgrading diamond armor and tools. This made a lot of sense, and gave the player more incentive to explore the game's "smithing" mechanic. This also made the special upgrade from diamond to netherite far more meaningful, and gave player's an incentive to explore the new bastion remnants and loots their chests. In fact, this update incentivized exploration of many of the game's structures, including the infamour desert well, albeit for decorative purposes.
* 1.21 is the latest upcoming update and it adresses the combat side of the exploration issue. 1.20 was purely decorative, while 1.21 is primarily functional. It even adds a new way to craft items, which fits the crafting theme of Minecraft, but not in a spectacular or game-changing way. The new trial chambers though act as a proper dungeon, unlike the boring monster rooms and the stealth-based ancient cities. These new dungeons are fun, have interesting parkour, put the player in interesting and well-crafted combat encounters, and can even be replayed. This update added more combat and parkour than 1.9 did. 1.9 took 17 months and 27 days, almost 1.5 years, to develop, and added a structure that can only be played once and an overpowered item that makes all of the game's other movement-based items useless. 1.21 is everything 1.9 should have been.
* What's coming in 1.22? Well, if 1.21 added something that the original game was supposed to have (replayable dungeons with interesting combat encounters), then 1.22 is also going to fix a mechanic from original game. No, not an end update. Many players never even reach the End. Also, we don't need a redo 1.9 when 1.21 already did _that._
* What we need is a fix to on the game's basic mechanics, like the inventory system, or the enchantment system. Either of these would make a great update. I'm really excited for the inventory update. I hope Mojang will come up with some genius idea that's even better than the bundle. The bundle is a primitive idea from 4 years ago; we can do better than that. We're not just gonna copy the inventory system from Breath of the Wild or Skyrim either, since that is obviously _lazy_ and won't fit into the game anyways.
* In conclusion, _as I already said,_ **I am very excited** to see how Mojang fixes the inventory system in 1.22.
