August 25, 2024

I live with this dude, and he's the worst. He thinks everything is stupid, and that that is a reason to get frustrated. The dog is stupid, the cat is stupid, the color red is stupid, and the sky is stupid. Everything is stupid, and that's a problem. Whose problem is it? Apparent;y it's your problem because he apparently don't want to talk about it. And that? Yeah, that's another problem, but it's not his. The only things that are his are the word "stupid" and his emotion. Don't use the word "stupid", unless your string to say that something exists ... oh wait, you have the word "exists" for that. And don't ask this dude I live with about his emotions. They belong to him, and you don't get to know about them, even though he makes it really obvious when he is angry. You don't get to know why he's angry. If you think you want to know why, then you must be stupid too. After all, you exist, don't you? So of course your just another stupid person. Don't cry like a little girl about that! You exist, just like the rest of us. You're just stupid and that dude is just frustrated because you exist. Again, don't ask him why he's frustrated. His frustration is your problem, but you don't get to know a word about it, and that's your problem, you stupid person. Again, everything is stupid to this guy, and he clearly has a serious problem with it. Even his own mother is stupid, and he's still sad about her being dead. Of course, of all of the things in this world, he is the 2nd most stupid, and his son is the stupidest. Everything his son does, says, thinks, and loves is stupid. He has a burning hatred towards all things that interest his son. Satire, food, water, video games, other people, anything and everything that ever has existed or even could exist, it's all stupid. And if his son mentions something, then that clearly makes it twice as stupid. Oh no, he says that he never calls his son stupid, directly. Well, that's a lie. He actually has. Oh, he says that he doesn't insult his son, just the things his son does. Well, actually, he has direcrtly insulted his son. Besides, it's still very annoying to his son when he insults the things his son does. His son is trying to do the right thing at all times. So the things his son does are very important to his son. Well, his son is stupid anyways, so he clearly must be in the right for insulting his son. Oh, and he tells his son that sometimes he feels like choking his son. No, he's not sharing his feelings. He clearly keeps those to himself. No, he's not threatening his son. His son is clearly too stupid to understand what is being told to him. Oh and he doesn't want to chit chat, because apparently he doesn't like other people, since other people are stupid. He clearly has a problem with things existing, and he clearly tells a lot of lies. Wait, no. He doesn't lie, does he? He says he doesn't. There's no way that could ever possibly be a lie. Besides, his son is clearly too stupid to understand it. Yes, clearly the reason his son doesn't understand what he's saying is the fact that his son exists. If he dislikes things existing so much, then clearly those things that he dislikes will never be able to understand any of the things he says. And that makes him frustrated, and that's their problem. His frustration is our problem, but he's not going to talk about his emotions. And he says he is happy where he's at. He says he won't practice mindfulness, because he is happy where he's at and understands who he is. That might be true, but he clearly doesn't understand how to respect other people, and he clearly doesn't understand how important it is that each and every person should always keep working on making themselves better. He's just going to lie to his son, insult his son, and call the whole world stupid, rather than making himself a better person. That just disturbs me so much. All those things are just so absurd. Saying other people are in the wrong and deserver disrepsect just because they exist. That's just absurdly evil. It just frustrates me so much.

Does anyone have an explanation for why my dad is wrong for expecting me to have common sense?
I've explained to him that the fundamental parts of the way I think are so vastly different from an average person that I can't make normal conclusions from the information presented to me, even when I try me very best to be perfectly logical and avoid weird ideas, my thinking style makes it mathematically impossible for me to come to a normal conclusion. By mathematically impossible , I mean that there are no mathematical operators to trasnform the format my brain uses to the format required to come to a normal conclusion. Mathematical impossibility is an ultimate-level problem that transcends other problems, meaning no matter how hard I try and no matter how smart I am, I can't break it. Just like how you can't write the number sqrt(2) as the ratio of 2 integers. It's just NOT possible.

