I realized that I am so guarded, and I think it's for the oddest reason. Like I have trauma symptoms without actual trauma and it's all because I just struggle with executive funciton. Like many times in my life, I have tried doing things and failed for the most random reasons. And often, I get worse at a task the more I do it. The combined effect of this is that as a kid I kind of just learned to accept failure.

Now, I've always been really introverted. So I've only ever really thought about me. So like when I would fail and struggle, I wouldn't compare myself to others. Instead, I would compare myself to what I know is possible. Like I know I can do amazing things, with the right skills, ideas, and some luck. Sometimes I do do things really well. There is just a lot of failure the rest of the time.

And that is not really truamatizing. But it sets a very heavy tone for your entire mindset. Life is not a game of do X and get Y. I of course love being logical, and I love anything that is consistent. But I've always known there are often extra conditions, do X, and avoid A, B, C, ... and also make sure D, E, F, ... are all handled, and with some skill, get Y. Some tasks are difficult like that. Like challenging video games are often kind of like that. While easier video games are more chill and just let you play them. And I always like things that are more straightforward. And a lot of real life just isn't straight forward.

The effect of this is that the bar for what counts as a "big deal" just kept getting raised. When I was a kid though, everything was a big deal. I just didn't realize my brain had secret categories. As a teenager, I learned to understand myself a lot better, and that made me a lot more tolerant. So now, nothing fazes me.

And it makes me a little too guarded. Not socially. Like, I will open up to people in all kinds of ways. But sometimes, I am just not passionate enough. But it's more complex than that. Like I naturally have a loud and passionate personality. But sometimes I just don't step up to the plate. Whenever I do realize that I should do that though, I usually do.

But there are other side effects. Like I really freak out with new situations. I don't like them. And for a lot of reasons too. For one, there are no consistent rules. Which is fine. It really is. But that creates tension. And too much tension can stress a person out, you know. But certain situations have additional tension factors. Like social norms. I hate social norms. Situations where other people prioritize social norms really stress me out. Since I just don't follow them. And I'm just stubborn when people ask me to adapt. I can adapt, but it makes me feel so tense.

And traditions. I don't like how arbitrary they are. Arbitrary rules are just often the ones that result in suffering for me. Like I'm just scared of them. Scared someone will call me stupid for not knowing them. And they just creep me out. Like there should be reasons for doing things. Even if those reasons are obtuse. They need to have a certain minimal amount of reasonableness. Some traditions are reasonable. But a lot of them just aren't. And most of the time, other people don't even know what the traditions are based around. Which just annoys me. Someone should be going around telling people why we're doing the tradition. Or announcing it. Please. We gotta clarify things, you know. Can't just have a thousand mysteries in every small little activity. Not knowing the reasons for things stresses me out. Specifically because I like to know the solutions to puzzles. Even the ones I can't solve. Even the ones that don't matter. I must know the cause, solution, definition, etc. No mysteries. Unless the mysteries are solvable by some method, like googling it, or watching the next episode. I ove mysteries and puzzles I can solve.

And all of this weirdness is a natural side effect of like three things. One, I'm neurodivergent. I have a lot of odd traits that are not specifically associated with any disorder. Like I am more neurodivergent than the average neurodivergent person. Two, I am autistic. I would say only a little though. Like, I love talking to people. I just don't like social situations. Since they just get complicated sometimes. But if people keep things straight-forward, I like them. Conversations? Great! Board games? Great! Physical activity? Great as long as no one is touching anyone. Everyone lining up for awards? Not great! There is no socialization there. You could send an award in the mail. And if we're going to talk about the awards, we don't need to get in line for that. You see where I draw the line? There is a fine line between socialization and arbitrary activities. And it seems I am one of the few people that can draw that line accurately, since I am autistic.

Three, I struggle with executive function. As I said, I'm so used to it that it does not make me feel any emotions. Like I don't feel inferior. If anything, I actually feel superior to others, in my own unique ways. I think executive function is a trade off. You get better at things like work, chores, and following instructions. But you lose an understanding of what you're doing. While I lack in executive function, and that helps me really understand what I'm doing. Anything I can do, I really know what I'm doing and how. And I think that means I would be an amazing teacher if I decided to teach. And I always insist on full understanding, and I focus on the fine details. And my brain is designed for those fine details. It memorizes every single one of them perfectly. And my subconscious can figure them out from very little information. Like I can learn a lot about a social situation by just watching it once, and then mulling over it for a few days. The weird part is I never remember any dialogue. Because all I really see is vibes. I hunt for vibes like some kind of a predator. Like when I walk my dog, I watch all of the neighbors, hunting for any vibes I can use to fine tune my understanding of human behavior. I would never wanna interact with my neighbors though, just because I'm introverted. Though there is a lonely part of me that wishes I could be invited to do something fun. And to put my skills to use!

My understanding of those fine details makes me incredibly charming. Like other people really like how insightful I am, among other things. Like since I'm not fazed by anything, I'm usually pretty cheerful. When I start talking to someone. Before that though, I do my best to ignore people. Since well, if I don't ignore them, I'll probably stare and try to psychoanalyze them and peer into their soul. I feel like that would be a bit much, you know. Gotta at least talk to them first. I'm so charming. Yet some situations stress me out so much that I feel the need to run away.

And all my traits are so interlinked. And I know what I am, and what makes me different. Plenty of things about me are normal. But the ones that aren't really define me. In a good way, of course. How could I ever think badly of myself? I couldn't, really. Even when I was a bratty kid, I assumed something was wrong with the world, not me. As a teenager, I realized that the view was wrong and that everything is just complicated, not wrong. But regardless of all that, when I was very young, my subconscious realized that my lack of executive function is a serious issue. So he tried to fix it. And in trying, he stumbled upon a far more complicated issue. You see, I can't fix myself, because I don't know how my mind works. And so my subconscious has always been pondering about how the human mind works. About the true forms of our thoughts and how they can be broken down logically. And this is an unsolved problem that many intellectuals have tried and failed to solve. But I know it is solvable. I just have a gut feeling. And my gut feelings are never wrong. But I also know it is very hard. It might take many lifetimes. But if I somehow manage to solve the problem, then I can reduce the negative side effects of my lack of executive function, and improve myself in other ways too.

But still, I am too guarded. Too vigilant. I know most people are good. But people are not the problem. Situations with people in them are the problem. And I don't want to leave my comfort bubble. Even with people I trust. But I'm going to work on teaching myself to adapt, at least to some of the situations. But the real hardest part, is I feel like no one ever apologized to me for unintentionally disrespecting me during one of those convoluted situations. And it just bugs me. I just wish there was someone who would genuinely understand what I'm saying, and do a little extra for me. I don't want validation. I want a token of appreciation that admits that some social situations are overcomplicated, and that some traditions are pointless, and that my distaste for them is not just genuine. I know I'm a genuine guy. I don't want someone to repeat those words again. I just want someone to admit that we all know deep down that arbitrary rules and convoluted situations require courage to deal with. I feel like no one has said that. And on one knows or understands that, even though it is not that comlpicated and they should understand it.

This is so overly specific, I know. But I just, I need to get this off my chest because it's just been bugging me for so many years. Partly because a few situations are unpleasant to remember. Like my graduation. I did not like that. I've gotten over it, but I just don't quite feel fully understood and that weighs on a person. And it's not just one event. It's just the overall experience over my life of no one even understanding a fraction of my perspective.

But now I feel better. I feel like if someone reads all this, they will understand my perspective enough that I will be satisfied. I hope someone reads this. And I hope they understand. And I really hope they have their own unique insight while reading it, and discover something new about how this crazy world we live in works.
