
Well, here is the full instructions:
0. If you downloaded Skyrim from Epic Games, you might be screwed since I didn't see a version of Script Extender for it.
1. Move Skyrim to a folder that is not in Program Files or App Data. For example, make a new folder called C:\Games. Make sure any other files involved are also not in Program Files or App Data.
2. Thorough out this process we will have to do a lot of downloading and uploadng, which are different things. In general, you first have to download something from Nexus mods. Then you have to install it by doing other things on your computer.
3. Now, in order to download things from Nexus, we need to sign up first. So go ahead and do that.
3. Download Skyrim Script Extender from Nexus. Now, Nexus is dumb, so clicking this download button doesn't actually download the game. Instead it moves us to the download page. Look if we scroll down a bit, we can see the download button here. As you can say it's asking us to upgrade to premium but we can ignore that and just do the slow download.
4. Script Extender will show up in our downloads folder. Now we need to actually install it. Since stuff in the downloads folder does literally nothing on its own. You'll notice I just leave stuff in my downloads without deleting it, since there is no need to delete it.
5. Now in order to install Script Extender, we need to open this zip file. Windows let's us do that by just hitting enter. In here, there is this README with instructions. Let's open it. As you can see, it says to copy the dll and exe. Now let's move to Skyrim's folder. Now we paste that file. The instructions also say to copy the pex files. Now I found that I didn't need to install them, but you should install them just to be safe. Now, my installation doesn't have a Scripts folder, so let's create one. Now we gotta go to the Scripts folder in the Script Extender. And then copy all of these. And then paste them in the new folder we created. We've now installed Script Extender.
6. Now let's download Mod Organizer 2. This is a app for modding and can be used to mod a bunch of other games too. We can find it on Nexus too. It's technically not a Skyrim mod, but we can just download it by the same process. Now, this is actually a type of executable called an installer. We can click on it in the downloads list to run it. Now Windows gives this security popup. We'll click Run Anyway. Now we get this little menu here with settings. You can just leave them all on default. It gives us this popup about categories. We can just import them from Nexus. Now we just wait for Mod Organizer 2 to start. So now it's giving us this tutorial. Now the tutorial doesn't actually work correctly on my device, so I'll just close it. It doesn't matter anyways. Now we're gonna be using Mod Organizer 2 in a bit, so just leave it open. Keep in mind, in the future when you want to play modded Skyrim, you'll have to open it from Mod Organizer 2, which I'll show you later. You might get a popup about connecting to your Nexus account. You can feel free to just follow that and do that.
7. Now let's download and install the Address Library. So we'll download it from Nexus. Nexus might give you a popup asking if you want to download the mod into your "mod manager". Feel free to click either option, it doesn't matter. Now this time installing it is simple. We can just go to Mod Organizer 2. Now, go ahead and check this Downloads tab here. Nexus might have downloaded the Address Library's zip file here. If not, then it is just in your normal Windows downloads folder. If the mod is in the Downloads tab, right click it, and then click Install. If the mod is the normal downloads folder, click this "Install Mod" button here. Then navigate to the downloads folder, and select it. Now I know that seemed a little complicated, but that's just because there are two locations Nexus might download the mod in, depending on which option you choose. I'm not sure if it always gives you the option or not, since it seems to be unreliable for me.
8. Now we need to install Root Builder, which we can also find on Nexus. So we'll download it. Once you've downloaded the Root Builder zip file, you will need to extract the "rootbuilder" folder from it and place it in the Mod Organizer "plugins" folder. For me that is C:\Modding\MO2\plugins\. Now close Mod Organizer 2 and reopen it. Now you'll notice some logs from Root Builder.
9. Now this next thing we need isn't on Nexus. So if we open the Nexus page for SSE Engine Fixes, and open this requirements tab, we'll see it says "Off-site requirements" and "Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable for Visual Studio 2022". We have to download that. Thankfully, it's super easy. Just click this link. I'm on Windows, so I want the x64 version. I don't know what shows up here if you'e on Linux. Clicking this will download an installer, just like when we downloaded Mod Organizer 2 earlier. Now I gotta click on the installer to run it. Now just go through this menu. And it will install Microsoft Visual C++ on your computer. It doesn't take very long, since I think it is just some simple library. Thank goodness.
10. Okay, we're now FINALLY ready to install SSE Engine Fixes. That was a lot of steps just for all of the requirements. So, SEE Engine Fixes has two parts. The Nexus page here used to label them as (Part 1) and (Part 2), but some jerk removed those labels, which makes it a little confusing. Anyways, just download this. Then download this. Okay, now, part 1, which is the one labeled "Engine Fixes - Main File", can be installed on Mod Organizer 2. Which is the same as what we did with the Address Library earlier. So like this. Part 2, which is labeled "Engine Fixes - SKSE64 Preloader", is a bit more complicated. We have to open the zip file. Then we have to copy this dll file. Now we have to open Skyrim's folder and paste that dll file. We've now installed SSE Engine Fixes.
11. Now for the fun part. So, if we open Skyrim normally, nothing will be different. Which is good, if you want to just play the vanilla game. But if you want to play the modded version, we have to open it using Mod Organizer 2 and the Script Extender. Yes, we need to use both. Here's how! We go to Mod Organizer 2, and click on this "Executables" button, which opens this menu. Now let's modify the executable for Skyrim. We can leave the launcher alone. We'll just change the executable path here. Click browse. And then click on the executable for the script extender. We put this here earlier when we installed Script Extender. Okay, now close the Executables menu. Now, if we click this Play button here, it will run the Skyrim Script Extender, rather than running the vanilla game.
12. So I'll do that. Now, when I first do this on my machine, it causes these visual glitches. If you get these, don't worry about it. If your game looks normal, that's fine too. Everyone's game is different. Go ahead and open your latest save. Hopefully your game doesn't crash, even if it is bugged out. Okay, now let's close the game. So when we opened up the game there, we were basically revving the engine for Script Extender. Next time we click this Play button here, the game should look and play normally. Now keep in mind that from now on, if you want to play modded Skyrim, you'll have to open up Mod Organizer 2, and then click Play here.


