
One day, my life took an unexpected turn. It was all so sudden, too.

I was going about my daily life, attending my classes at school and distaster struck. An armed shooter had entered the school, and we went into lock down. Everyone was terrified, and they had a good reason to be. The worst thing you can imagine happened. The shooter came to our classroom and picked the lock on the door. Of course, the locks on the doors are pretty easy to pick. I know this, because I've had many occasions where I helped other students get something that they left in the classroom and the door was locked. Anyways, I knew I couldn't just let the shooter go on a killing rampage, so I did the logical thing - the right thing to do. I went to the door, holding a heavy object, and threw a calculated swing at the shooter as he came in. Of course, the shooter wasn't stupid. He started firing off rounds the instant the door was open. I don't know *what* happened to everyone else that day, because I died in the process. But what I do know is that I hit the shooter stick of hard wood, which someone had brought into class for an art project earlier that week.

What I do know, is that I saved dozens of my fellow students from getting injured and killed by the shooter. I guess that makes me a hero then? Well, I don't like to see myself as the hero. Life's not about being the hero; it's about doing the right thing. And I think I did the right thing in that moment. I died without any regrets. To be honest, I'm a little proud of myself, for fullfilling my duty as a just and morally grounded human being.

Luckily (or not so luckily, depending on how you look at it) for me, my life was not over. When I died, I woke up in an unfamiliar place. I still have this feeling in my heart like I just died and was reincarnated.

Here I am now, standing in what appears to be some kind of medieval throne room. And there's a bunch of dudes in hooded robes with really cool looking staffs. Are they wizards or something? Is this a fantasy world? I look around, and also see a bunch of knights (or are they royal guards?), what seems to be a king (he's got a crown after all), and ... it looks like some other people were reincarnated with me. They're all wearing very modern clothing: T-shirts, sweat pants ... there's this really cute blonde girl in jeans ... she look's like the definition of a country girl.

Oh, it looks like the wizards are leaving.

Then, as I was expecting, the king starts speaking.

King: Greetings, Heroes! I am King Ethanos. You have been summoned via an ancient ritual in order to defeat the demon king. Don't be afraid. You can relax. You are here to help us and we are here to help you.

The king smiles warmly at us.

King: You see this crystal ball here?
He points at a crystal ball.
King: Walk up here, one at a time, and touch it. The ball will display your stats and skills for everyone to see. The Goddess has blessed you all with powerful abilities in order to help you slay the demon king and save the world!

You know, this really sounds like some kind of Isekai story nonsense. I take the initiative.

Me: I'll go first!

I put my hand on the ball, and it glows for a moment. Then it suddenly manifests some kind of video-game like popup or UI.

```
Leonardo - Human - 17 Years Old

Job: Sanic

Skills:
- Speedrunning
    - Gotta go fast!
```

Ok, the fact that my official job title is "Sanic" seems to be some kind of weird joke. Am I just a part of someone's silly isekai fantasy story? Let's not overthink it!

King Ethanos: These are your stats. You can also chant "open status" in order to see them at any time.

Oh, cool.

Me: Open Status!
I decide to try it immediately, and I immediately see another popup. This one is much more detailed. It tells my stats, like `HP`, `MP`, `SP`, `STR`, `SPD`, `DEX`, and other stuff that looks like it came right out of *Dungeons and Dragons* or something.

Apparently I have `1500 SPD` and only `5` in every other stat. I guess that makes sense, considering my skill is speedrunning. I think `SPD` is short for "speed", at least.

As I think this, I watch all of the other heroes step up to the ball and have their status read.

However, as each of their skills are checked, the king seems to become more and more ... disappointed. He looks like he's going to throw up or something. He's really not liking any of their skills. I think he was expecting us to be like Sword Kings or Dragon Sorcerors or something crazy like that. But everyone's skill is super laid back and unique instead.

Alice's skill is memory sharing. Which sounds really cool, to be honest. Alice herself looks like a really sweet and empathetic girl. I don't know why, but I'm getting strong nice girl vibes from her.

James's skill is skill sharing. That doesn't seem useful if that's his only skill, since he doesn't have any other skills to share. Am I missing something here?

Kelsie's skill is transmorhping. She can morph into any creature she's cuddled with before. Okay, that's an awesome ability. She has this giant smile on her face, and her eyes are glowing. It's kind of impressive just how excited she clearly is about it. She must really like animals or something. In fact, is that a dog hair I see on her shirt? She definitely looks like a pet owner. Kelsie is the blonde girl I mentioned earlier. Those jeans she's wearing look like the kind of thing a country girl would wear, so she can deal with the wildlife. Also, the way she walks ... she looks like she's ready to wrestly with a grizzly bear or a small lion.

Piccolo's skill is magical vision. He can see through "obstructions". So he has X-ray vision? Okay, that sounds kinda gross. He is squinting his eyes and looking at the wall. I wonder if he can see outside. I hope he doesn't use that ability to look underneath anyone's clothes. Piccolo is cute, and short. I would guess he's from indonesia, just going by his race.

Fiona's skill is ... being a woman I guess? It seems like her skills are a stereotypical, sexist definition of what the average woman is. Her skills are:
* The power to give birth. Yeah, that makes sense, considering she's a woman. But does that mean other women in this world ... can't give birth? No, it must mean something else.
* Finding things. Yeah, a lot of women are good at finding stuff ... but that's just a stereotype. I guess she is like ultra good at it or something???
* House cleaning. Seriously, these skills would be offensive to me if I was a girl.
Fiona seems really content with this.

Fiona: Oh, I just get to be myself? That's awesome!

Oh, I guess she was already good at those things. That's kinda weird ... it's almost like she wasn't given any skills. And she's clearly totally fine with that. Fiona looks like the kinda woman you would imagine your mother to be. She looks strong, protective, safe, and confident. She looks like she could save the world if she needed to. I'm feeling this motherly glow from her. She looks so mature, yet she's clearly a teenager. Actually, the text box said she is 19 years old, apparently. Anyways, Fiona does seem like a bit of role model for the kind of person we should all be.

----

I guess I should describe the king's visual appearance too. He looks old ... like, really old. He makes your grandpa's grandpa look like a baby. He has a beard that's 3 feet long, and he has wrinkles as deep as Mount Everest is tall. And those stone cold eyes ... I think they have red irises, but that might be my perception lying to me. He is very angry right now, and I wouldn't be surprised if you told me he is actually the so called "demon king" in disguise. I definitely don't trust this dude. I know you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover ... but when the book is titled "How to eat your neighbor's children and get away with it", and it looks like it was created by a witch and a demon working together, maybe you should look for another book.



Let's have an isekai story where 6 heroes are summoned to defeat the demon king. They are summoned by mages in the king's throne room. Then they are all asked to touch a magic crystal ball. This ball is enchanted with [Appraisal], which causes the ball to create a display box that shows a hero's stats when the hero touches it.

As the heroes touch the ball, their skills and stats are revealed. The skills, according to the king, aren't worthwhile at all, and the heroes are therefore useless. Each of the heroes though, does not feel the same way.

The heroes and there skills are:
Alice - memory sharing
James - skill sharing
Kelsie - animal morphing (morph into any animal you've cuddled with before)
Leonardo - speedrunning
Piccolo - magic eyes (the power to see through obstructions)
Fiona - woman: the power to give birth; finding things; house cleaning

The king complains that none of these are combat abilities and that none of them sound like they will have a significant impact on the well-being of the country. Then, the king commands his guards to slaughter all 6 of the summoned isekai heroes, since they are all useless anyways.


All six heroes looked at each other.

Alice: Oh damn, we dead.

Kelsie: We are going to die.

Leonardo: This sucks man.

James: At least I hope I am reborn elsewhere.

Piccolo: I want to punch the king.

Fiona: Why do I have womanly powers instead of combat?? This isn't fair! If I had combat powers, we would be fine!!


Lerunda
Then Leonardo looks further into his skill details and realizes that speedrunning is actually a combat skill.

Speedrunning:
* clip through walls
* equip armor and weapons in impossible ways
* have insane precision in your movements
* process information faster during battle
* easily stun and surprise enemies
After reading this, Leonardo decides to stop the king's guards in their tracks and rescue everyone. Leonardo was always a very brave boy, and isn't afriad of getting hurt.

The other heroes just stand by and watch. None of them are as brave as Leo, and their skills are not combat skills.

(edited)

The guards are surprised and freeze.

Leonardo: Grunts Listen up, you fools! I will have your heads if you don't stop now. We are useless, yeah, you heard me right. I am the most useless out of all here. But it is better to have useless people than cruel people. Do you people really want to commit a crime? You are just following the order I know, but do you have the guts to decide yourself? Are you sheep to blindly follow orders? Are you not humans?


Lerunda
Leonardo KO's one of the guards and steels his sword. Thanks to the speedrunning ability, Leo is able to use the sword as well as a grandmaster, even though he's never held a sword before.


*Leonardo: Picks up the unconscious guard and points the sword at the head. Listen here, you all have two choices; either join us, or die. There is no middle ground. Either join us to fight against the tyranny or stay with the king and die with him. The other five heroes remain silent. The guards are visibly shocked.


Lerunda
Then the guards get over their shock and all charge at Leo.

One of the guards: we swore our loyalty to the king! You can never break that no matter how hard you try!!!


Leonardo: Oh well. I see you all have no guts to choose yourself. So be it. Let the massacre begin.
*Leonardo: Attacks all the guards at the same time, and quickly and efficiently takes out the guards. Then, Leonardo sheaths the blood stained sword and approaches the king.


Lerunda
Piccolo uses his magic eye ability to see the future. He realizes that Leonardo won't be able to kill the king. He also sees that if they all stay here, the heroes will be killed by a deadly spell set up in this room, and that there is nothing they can do to defend against the spell.

Piccolo: Leonardo, if we stay here we'll all die! We need to run out of here immediately. Piccolo runs over to the door and gestures for everyone else to follow.

James notices this immediately and follows suit. James looks back at the other 3 heroes, who are still frozen in shock.
James: come on! No time for dilly-dallying! James's voice echoes like a lion's roar in the room. He really has the voice of a leader.

The other heroes hear him and immediately dash over to the door. Leo follows suit soon after, and the 6 heroes run for their life.


As you run, you see that the walls start to move. The room was getting smaller and smaller. Then......

Boom. The explosion occurred, exactly as Piccolo predicted. An aura of smoke is left in its place.
Leonardo: It is a good thing that we ran.
Piccolo: That was a trap room. If you have noticed, there was a red glowing gem at the end of the room, which activates the spell of death. I wish you guys had noticed it sooner.
The floor starts to crumble.

(edited)

Lerunda
James has an idea as they run.

James: Leo, I have an idea. I'll use [Skill Sharing] to share the skill [Skill Sharing] with you, and then you can use it to share your speedrunning skill with all of us.


Leo: Okay, good thinking, James.

After receiving the Skill Sharing, Leonardo then shares the speedrunning skill to all the heroes. Everyone is able to think, react, understand, and move, super fast. The group runs out of the castle like a flash of lightning.

(edited)

Lerunda
Once the heroes are finally escape from the castle, they see that the castle is in the middle of a huge city.

James: let's hide in that alley way.

James points towards a dark and inconspicuous alley.

Piccolo: I think that's a good idea.

Piccolo's magic eye tells him that most people apparently don't even know that alley way exists.

The 6 heroes stop in the alley way and try to catch their breath. They are all exhausted due to their low level-1 stats.

Fiona: Ha! Did we all just run through a wall!?

Kelsie: Huff! Yeah, we did!


Leonardo: Well, at least we survived.
Fiona: Takes deep breath. I feel light-headed.
James: You guys are pretty powerful even though your level is low. Are you sure you are useless, like the king said?
Alice: I can share memories with other people.
Kelsie: I can morph into any animal.
Fiona: I can...give birth, and find lost items.
James: Wait...that's super OP!


Lerunda
Leonardo: James, you can share your [Skill Sharing] power with all of us. I think that means we can all share our skills with each other as long as you're around.

Kelsie: Put that way, I think we will be fine as long as we stick together.

James: Yes! Teamwork is of the utmost importance. Well, second to safety. We all need to stay together, at least for now.

Kelsie: James, you really do sound like a leader!

James: Aw, thanks. James smiles at Kelsie and even blushes a little.


James: Let's discuss our next plan. We need to get stronger so that we can take revenge on the King. Right now, we are still too weak.

Alice: No! Revenge is a pointless endeavor. All it does is hurt people! I just want to live a peaceful life.

Alice glares at James with genuine horror and disgust.

(edited)

Leonardo: She has a point, revenge is useless. However, revenge is the path we need to take to get rid of that tyrant. So let's put the idea of revenge on the back-burner, and for now, let's think of how we can get stronger.

James: Yeah, I'm sorry for bringing it up. We need to get stronger, for our own safety.

Piccolo: Well then, it would be a good idea to move out somewhere where are not known criminals.

Kelsie: Yeah, I think the king and the city guards will be out to kill us in a few minutes.

James: Kelsie, you should try morphing into an animal and look for a map of the surrounding area.

Fiona: actually, I already know where you can find that.

James and Kelsi: Really?

Fiona: I used my power to find things. It's 300 yards that way. There is a merchant who sells watermelons. It's on the wall right behind the counter.

Kelsie: Well, I'll try transforming into a squirrel then!

Kelsie closes her eyes and her body starts to glow.

Alice: she's cuddled with squirrels before?

Kelsie morphs into a squirrel. Then she squeaks back at Alice.

Leonardo: I think she just said yes.

Kelsie then runs off in the direction that Fiona pointed.

(edited)

After a little while, Kelsie returns with the map of the surrounding area.

James: Great work, Kelsie.

Kelsie then transforms into her usual human-self and shares the map to all the heroes.

Fiona grabs her by the shoulders and shakes her. Kelsie! You can't go stealing other people's stuff.

James: Yeah, but we have more pressing matters to worry about.

Piccolo: Don't worry, I don't think these maps cost that much anyways.

(edited)

James picks up the map and starts reading it.

James: It seems like there is a village to the north of here. Also, I seem to notice that it is not a very long walk from here to there.

Leonardo: A village sounds perfect. We can lay low there for a while and train.

James: Well then! Let's get going. Piccolo, you go in front, since you can tell which spots are the least likely to have the guards notice us. Leo, you go in the back and watch our backs. You'll be our distraction if anything dangerous happens. Everyone else, stay between me and Leo.

The group gets in formation and carefully starts walking towards the edge of the city.

(edited)

Lerunda
As they walk, everyone takes the opportunity to do some sight seeing.

Piccolo's ability to gauge which places are safe ends up being flawless, so they are never noticed by any of the guards. Some citizens do look at them funny though, since their modern attire is vastly different from the attire of this fantasy world.

Eventually, they reach the city wall.

Piccolo: This things is 10 feet thick, you guys.

James: Well, hopefully Leo's speedrunning ability can clip through it,

Leo: Alright, give me the skill sharing.

James shares skill sharing with Leo again, and Leo shares speedrunning with everyone else again. Then they all start trying to clip through the wall. It takes them each about a dozen tries, and Fiona in particular has a very hard time.

James: Fiona, please forgive me for this...

Fiona: Wha?!

James has to punch her in the back really hard in order to make her clip through. Then he comes through himself.

Now that they're finally out of the city, the heroes can calmly walk towards the village.

Fiona: Ow, James! That hurt! You can't hit a woman like that!

James: I'm sorry, but sacrifices have to be made.

Fiona pouts at him and Alice gives her a hug.

Don't worry, it'll all be okay.


The group starts to walk through the woods to the north and reaches the village in another twenty-minute walk.

Upon arrival, they see that it is an average sized village that is filled with both humans and demi-humans.

Kelsie: Oh, this place looks cute. There is even a flower field up ahead! I want to explore here!

Piccolo: Kelsie, you are not going to explore here.

Kelsie: Aw, why not? It looks so peaceful.


Lerunda
Piccolo: If you go there, a group of orcs will kidnap you and make you their seedbed!


Kelsie: I-is that true? She whispers to Alice, scared to death.
Alice: Well, if Piccolo said it then it must be true, right?

Kelsie stares at the flower field warily.

Just then, a person suddenly bumps into James.


Lerunda
Stranger: Fuah! Um, sorry.

James: No, I'm sorry for not looking.

Stranger: Hahaha. Are you a group of adventures?

The stranger's eyes sparkle as she looks at them.

James: Yes. We're not from here. Can you tell us where to find a place to stay?

Stranger: Oh, you mean the inn?

James: Ah, yes.

Stranger: I'll tell you, if you let me buy your clothes.

James: What?

Stranger: That fabric ... I've never seen it before. I'll pay you a lot for it! 2 gold coins each. And I'll give you my finest clothing in return, too!

James: Yes. We will gladly sell our clothes to you, right guys?

Kelsie: What? We're just gonna sell all our clothes and wear the clothes of an unknown stranger?

James: Don't worry, Kelsie. You won't be naked, the stranger here is a seamstress. She is gonna give us some really cool new clothes.

Alice: Yeah! Let's try it out! I want to wear some more uhhh ... normal clothes, and this sounds like a great experience!

The other 2 girls think about what Alice said and get excited.

Stranger: Awesome! Thank you so much for doing business with me.

The stranger pauses for a moment, thinking about what to do next.

Stranger: Oh, and my name is Camelia, by the way.

Camelia gestures for everyone to follow her.

Come over to my shop so we can find you all some new clothes.

(edited)

Kelsie: What? We're just gonna sell all our clothes and wear the clothes of an unknown stranger?

James: Don't worry, Kelsie. You won't be naked, the stranger here is a seamstress. She can make clothes for us.

Alice: Let's try it out! I want to wear some more normal clothes, and this sounds like a great experience!

Leonardo: I second that.

The heroes then start to remove their clothes...


James happily leads his party to the seamstress's shop.

As Camelia starts measuring everyone's body, each person starts picking out new clothing to try on from the shop.

Meanwhile, Camelia starts doing small talk about how she has lived here for 48 years and all the gossip she has on the villagers.

Kelsie: this is the perfect chance..... I'm going to steal her sewing equipment.

Kelsie attempts to steal the sewing equipment while Camelia is distracted for one second by James who is asking about different clothing styles.


James happily leads his party to the seamstress's shop.

As Camelia starts measuring everyone's body, each person starts picking out new clothing to try on from the shop.

Meanwhile, Camelia starts doing small talk about how she has lived here for 48 years and all the gossip she has on the villagers.

(edited)

They all follow camelia, intrigued.

They notice that Camelia isn't very curvy compared to Alice and the others, but her bust and hips are a bit bigger than usual. Her body is also really soft, and her thighs are thick as her body is curvy in the right places.

Piccolo: Well, at least we have a chance to get better clothes to hide our modern attire.

Leonardo: I wish to explore and get new ingredients for my cooking skills.

Camelia takes them to the shop and starts showing them some cool clothes.



Type a message
