# Chapter 2
(James's perspective)

Stranger:
* Fuah! Um, I'm sorry.

Me:
* No, I'm sorry for not looking.

Stranger:
* Hahaha. Are you a group of adventures?

The stranger's eyes sparkle as she looks at us.

Me:
* Yes. We're not from here. Can you tell us where to find a place to stay?

Stranger:
* Oh, you mean the inn?

Me:
* Ah, yes.

Stranger:
* I'll tell you, if you let me buy your clothes.

She smiles playfully, and I smile back.

Me:
* What?

Stranger:
* That fabric ... I've never seen it before. I'll pay you a lot for it! 2 gold coins each. And I'll give you my finest clothing in return, too!

Me:
* Yes. We will gladly sell our clothes to you, right guys?

Kelsie:
* What? We're just gonna sell all our clothes and wear the clothes of an unknown stranger?

Me:
* Don't worry, Kelsie. She is gonna give us some really cool new clothes. Think about it.

Alice:
* Yeah! Let's try it out! I want to wear some more uhhh ... normal clothes, and this sounds like a great experience!

The other 2 girls think about what Alice said and get excited.

Stranger:
* Awesome! Thank you so much for doing business with me.

The stranger pauses for a moment, thinking about what to do next.

Stranger:
* Oh, and my name is Camelia, by the way.

Camelia gestures for everyone to follow her.

Come over to my shop so we can find you all some new clothes.

I happily lead everyone to Camelia's shop.

As Camelia starts measuring everyone's body, each person starts picking out new clothing to try on from the shop.

Meanwhile, Camelia starts doing small talk about how she has lived here for 48 years and all the gossip she has on the villagers.

Piccolo:
* Well, at least we have a chance to get better clothes to hide our modern attire.

Me:
* Yeah, exactly. We don't wanna look suspicious.

Eventually, we all pick out clothing, and change it into it. We hand all of our modern clothes to Camelia, and she says:
* Thanks so much! Here's those 12 gold coins I promise.

Camelia seems to notice that I've sort of become the leader of the group and hands me all 12 gold coins.

Alice:
* Uwwuh, these clothes feel kinda weird.
Leonardo:
* Yep. It's not exactly sweat pants. But it kinda makes me feel more like a *real* man.
Fiona:
* Hehehe, ok Leo. I like the formal way this feels too.
Piccolo:
* More important, they are almost just as flexible as our old clothes, so we'll still be able to run away from danger.
Me:
* Yes. Safety is very important here.
Fiona:
* Well, we need to find somewhere to settle down. Camelia suggested the inn over there.
Me:
* Yes, good idea.

We all walk over to the inn. Piccolo gives me a fearful look. I think he's seeing that there could be some potential dangers there.
Me:
* Do you think there will be dangerous people in the inn, Piccolo?
Fiona:
* Oh no, that wouldn't be very good.
Kelsie:
* Don't worry. I'll teach them that I'm not to be messed with.
Me:
* Woah, Kelsie. With the aggressive attitude, we're bound to get in trouble. Please calm down.
Kelsie pouts:
* Okay...
Piccolo:
* To be fair, I get a feeling we will need to be very submissive around the other people in the inn.
Fiona:
* You know, I wonder what they will think about a bunch of young adults wandering into the inn.
Piccolo:
* Now that you mention in, the shop owner, Camelia, she was treating us ... more kindly due to our age.
Fiona:
* Well, that's really sweet of her.
Kelsie:
* You would have treated us the same way if you were her, wouldn't you have?
Fiona:
* Well, of course.

Me:
* Okay guys, let's go inside.

We take a seat in the inn and look around. The customers here are quite varied. Some were ordinary merchants, some were peasants, and some were adventurers like us.

Kelsie:
* Hey, wait. Did those people just look at us in a... strange way?

Leonardo:
* Yes, their eyes were filled with curiosity.

Me:
* Is it because of our clothes?

Piccolo:
* No. It's not that. I think they really are just surprised to see a bunch of young adults. Let's tell them we are students from the magic academy ... actually young adventurers who are considering going to the magic academy. I remember where the academy was and I saw a lot of students while we were walking around in the capital.

Me:
* How did you see students?

Piccolo:
* I just felt their presences in the nearby streets and buildings.

Me and the group get in a small circle and quietly discuss what our cover-up story should be.

Kelsie:
* And what if they ask us what we were doing before being adventurers?

Leonardo:
* Good point. Hmmm....

Me:
* How about we were farmers on our way to the capital to sell goods when we suddenly got transported here? That should be plausible.

Piccolo:
* No, don't worry. They won't ask anything like that.

Me:
* What would we do without you, Piccolo?

Kelsie:
* How do you even get all that information anyways?

Piccolo:
* Half of it is actually instinctual. I did **a lot** of people watching in my previous life. This stuff is second-nature to me, really.

Me:
* Okay. Let's all agree with Piccolo's suggestion, and stick with it so that there are no misunderstandings.

The group all nodded their heads.

Me:
* So then what's our optimal course of action? Should we just talk to that receptionist.

Piccolo:
* Yes, she's the inn keeper.

We walk over to a large woman with blue hair and big blue eyes.

Inn keeper:
* Hello, how can I help you today?

Me:
* Do you have a room for 6 people?

Inn keeper:
* Yeah. It's been a while since anyone's used it though. You might have to clean it up yourself.

I look at Fiona and her smile widens.

Me:
* Alright. What's the price for it?

Inn keeper:
* Ah, it'll only be 2 silver per night, since it hasn't been cleaned. Is that good for you?

Piccolo whispers in my ear:
* 1 gold coin is 100 silver.

Me:
* Can you give me change for this?
I hold up one of my gold coins.

Inn keeper:
* Of course! But how many nights are you staying?

Me:
* Um, we don't know.

Inn keeper:
* That's okay. You can pay for 2 nights for now, and I'll refund the remaining nights if you cancel early.

Me:
* Ah, okay. That sounds great.

The inn keeper takes the gold coin and starts counting out silver coins. She has them in stacks of 10, which seem to be help together with some kind of magical string. She hands us 96 silver coins back.

Inn keeper:
* There you go. It's the 5th room on the left on that corridor. There's an emblem of a griffon above the door. It's also labeled "room 5".
The inn keeper also hands me some kind of key. I guess the room has a key.

Me:
* thankyou.

Me:
* Come on guys, let's go to our new room.

The group walks to the specified door.

Fiona:
* Oh man, I want to go shopping. I'm so excited.
My stomach grumbles. ...I'm hungry though.

Leonardo:
* I'm hungry too. I really hope this room has a kitchen.

We all step into the room and it's pretty simple. It's just 6 beds, a closet with spare sheets, and some shelves in the back.

Fiona looks at the room and sees how dirty it is. There's cobwebs everywhere, and lots of dust on everything.
Fiona:
* Time to find out how that `house cleaning` ability works.
Leonardo:
* In the interest of time, let's see if `speedrunning` can speed up the task.
Me:
* Good idea.

I share the `skill sharing` skill with Leonardo and he uses it to share `speedrunning` with Fiona.
Leonardo:
* Alright Fiona, try cleaning the room.

## Part 2
(Fiona's Perspective)
I feel a cool tingly feeling as the `speedrunning` skill is shared with me. That skill has an aura of pure, unstoppable power.

Anyways, I start cleaning, and I can feel time slow down around me. I go over to the closet, and I see there are actually quite a few cleaning supplies in it, which is kinda weird.

I grab the broom and start knocking down all of the cobwebs. What's really weird is that the cobwebs just magically disappear as they touch the broom. I actually like cleaning, but this `house clearning` skill is a little too powerful, in my opinion. I guess in a world without modern technology though, it's kind of a pain to clean things normally.

As I sweep the floors, the dust seems to vanish into non existence. When I grab the mop, it seems to magically wet the floor and then the floor instantly dries and becomes super shiny. It's all so strange but it makes sense if I think of it as a magical ability.

Then I decide to clean the bed sheets. I go over to the bucket I found in the closet and ... it magically filled with soap water. I decide to fold the sheets and put them in and move them around a bit. The immediately become clean. Then I shake the sheets around a bit, and they seem to dry and even become a little fluffier. I do the same with the blankets, the pillow cases, and the pillows. The pillows end up being 3 times as fluffy as they were to begin with. I do the same with all of the spare bedding in the closet, since it's so easy. I even find some spare clothes in the closet. It's not much, but I clean those too.

I look underneath the beds, and find all kinds of weird stuff under there. I find some broken glass ... actually, this seems to be some kind of crystal. I also find a sword, which seems to be in perfect condition. I also find some random sticks, a spare mop head, and ... a box. The box has ... candy inside it? I decide to take the candy out, clean the box, and then put the candy back in. I also clean the sword and the mop head. Then I try sharpening the sword against a stone slab on the floor. I don't know why the stone slab is there ... but apparently I can use it to sharpen a sword. I test the sword, and I'm able to easily cut my finger. It also cuts through the random sticks like they are nothing.

Anyways, I am able to clean this room much quicker than I would normally be able to. The `house cleaning` skill trivializes the work, and the `speedrunning` skill speeds down time (thus speeding up myself). I had fun throwing the pillows and watching them slowly glide down. It literally took multiple minutes for each pillow to fall just a few feet!

When I decide that I'm all done cleaning, I get really close Kelsie and time returns to its normal speed.

## Part 3
(Kelsie's Perspective)
Me:
* Woah! Um, hi Fiona.
Fiona smiles calmly and moves out of the way. Is there any reason she decided to approach me? I don't know. Maybe she's just being weird.

Fiona:
* Oh, sorry! I um ... kinda lost my sense of distance from doing all that cleaning.
What? I don't understnad.

Leonardo noticed that I was no longer zooming all over the place:
* How did you go that fast?!

James:
* Fast? It looks like she just wasn't doing anything.

Leonardo:
* What do you mean?

James squints his eyes in exasperation:
* Ah, sorry. It's a programming thing. You see, if you make a computer program do less work, it takes less time. Therefore, skipping steps completely and just not doing difficult things to begin with is they key to optimizing a computer program.

Piccolo:
* James, that has nothing to do with this discussion.
Leonardo just stared for a moment, gawking at the fact that James was a computer programmer. To be honest, I'm somewhat surprised as well, but I'm not gonna gawk about something so small.

Leonardo:
* Wait, James, you were a computer programmer.

James:
* Yes, and it looks like Piccolo is not surprised by that.

Piccolo:
* I can perceive those kinds of things ... and besides, it's not that rare anyways?
What do you mean by *that*, Piccolo?

Leonardo voices the same thing:
* What?! What do you mean? Being a programmer puts you way above everyone else on the social hierarchy!

James:
* What? No, it's not that big of a deal.

Piccolo:
* Hey, guys, calm down. Maybe you are just perceiving things differently because you're from different worlds.

James:
* Good point. However, I had assumed that we were all from the same world.

Piccolo:
* But there's no reason why that would necessarily be the case, now is there?

James:
* Well, I suppose not.

Piccolo:
* I think we should all figure out what eachother's different worlds are like. Apparently computer programming is different in our different worlds.

Me:
* Yeah. I've never even heard of that before...
I was kinda quiet this time, which is odd, since I have been loud every other time she spoke today. I don't feel as comfortable with this topic, and I don't wanna trigger anyone.

James:
* **Alright, alright.** I will explain my world first, then Piccolo, then Kelsie, then Leonardo, then Fiona, and finally Alice.

Leonardo made an obvious effort to calm himself down. I wonder why he got stressed all of a sudden... I guess I get to figure out in a few moments. Alice seems to have gotten excited about something after Piccolo said we should all talk about our worlds. Is she going to use her memory sharing power?

James:
* In my world, almost everyone was a programmer -

Me:
* What's that?
I need to interject this time. I gave him a look that says "I'm sorry" and pleads for an answer to the questions.

James frowns, but he clearly understands my issue:
* Do you know what a computer is?

Me:
* Yeah. It's a magic whosie-what's-it thingy, that usually glows blue light. It's made of metal and is powered by zippy zappy wires and goes "beep boop".

James transforms his frown into a face of worry:
* Okay...
Apparently he thinks I'm not very educated. Well, technology was never my strong suit.

James:
* Well, a programmer is someone who casts zippy zappy spells to fuel the magic inside the device. The programmer relates to the computer as salt relates to water. You can add the salt to the water to increase its boiling point and cook rice faster. And a similar thing happens when a programmer does their computer programming.

I smiled back at him but did not understand that very well. I do understand the cooking rice thing, because I've done it tons of times, but I still know nothing about this whole "programming" thing.

James:
* Anyways, as I said: in my world, almost everyone was a programmer. It was the norm. We had one hour of programming every day in school, and we were expected to use programming to explain our thinking and solve problems. Most things were automated, such as farming, and mining, thanks to programming.

Piccolo:
* You make it sound like it was only part of your world that was like that, James.

James:
* Yeah... all of our technology got with an EMP and most of the world entered an apocalypse. Before I came here, I sent a nuclear bomb into a space and was killed by a bunch of rogues.

Piccolo:
* Wow. That's definitely different from my world. In my world, about 1 in 4 people become programmers, and our technology does a lot of cool stuff, but a lot of physical labor is not automated by technology. We also have a lot of EMP protection.

Kelsie:
* What's an EMP?

James:
* A big zippy zappy blocker in the sky that goes BOOM.

I gave him a playful look that said "thankyou for keeping it simple".

James noticed I wasn't speaking and spoke up:
* By the way, you're next, Kelsie. What's your world like?

Me:
* Ah, sorry. So, in my world, we all do manual work, and the elites live in a big city where they get to do nothing all day. I don't really understand the whole automation thing, but I understand that some of you might feel different. I think the actual reason that no one uses automation in my world is to reduce damage to the environment.

S:
* T

S:
* T

S:
* T

S:
* T

S:
* T

S:
* T

S:
* T








