
# Chapter 2
Narrator: Boron

Ah, I remember that day so warmly. It was the day me and Rosa first met. Well, I have had more exciting and interesting days since then, but it was definitely a notable day in my life.

I had just become an adult, so the sweatshop I worked at kicked me out. The sweatshop was a mixed living unit, where beast people like me could work until we became adults, at the still very young age of 10 years old. Rosa wasn't much older than me, and I could see that.

"What a strange girl." I thought at first. After watching her pick the sublow quality herbs, I started to think "She seems a lot like me. She must not have much to talk about.". But her sentences were so short. That's when I realized that she was unintelligent. I didn't really mind, since I wasn't intelligent myself.

Now, she was leading me through the forest, not really knowing her way around, and I could tell that she didn't know much better than me. However, more than anything else, I was grateful for her help, and felt a lot of admiration towards her. She was great at picking herbs, and I felt kind of comfortable knowing that she wasn't any smarter than me.

Why did Rosa even ask me to narrate this? I'm not going to say anything different than her. Oh, I get it. She wants me to share the thoughts I had at the time. I don't think who is narrating matters that much, but whatever. Enjoy the read.

We got to the same ditch we came across entering the forest. Now, this ditch does not cross the entire forest, and I had assumed that to be the case, so I felt a little impressed that she found it. I even let out a little "huh" of impressedness.

She let go of my hand, and started crossing carefully. Right, that's the other reason I felt impressed. She wasn't as clumsy as me. Well, I thought she was a expert at moving through the forest, and that her movements were graceful, but that was just because I was letting my gratitude get to my head. In reality, she was only as good as the average person.

She heled me across, and had an easy time getting back to the town from there. Rosa let go of my hand when we left the forest. I realized that she really wanted to keep me from tripping while we were in the forest. We had been gone for 4 hours, so evening was just starting. We walked into guild building together.

We stood a few feet behind a group of adventurers that were receptionist about the local shops, and asking what kinds of discounts they could get as B ranks.

The receptionist said "Well, there aren't any rank based discounts, but that there are some quest-based ones, and you guys have already qualified for a bunch of them."

She spent 10 minutes looking through their paper work, and made some shopping cards for them, so they could get their quest-based discounts. The adventurer's left, and the man who was pressuring the receptionist had a smug look on his face.

Another adventurer made a confused scowl at Rosa, probably because she is a troll.

I went to the receptionist. "We completed a quest to collect magic herbs."

"Well, show me your adventurer card." She replied. I showed her my card, and she nodded. She's not the same receptionist we met earlier.

"Are you new here?" She asked.

"Yes."

"Alright. Let's see, herb gathering ..." she thought for a moment. "Right, the person who put out that wanted 30 batches. Show me the herbs." She looked at the bags I had on me.

We unloaded hundreds of herbs, and receptionist seemed impressed. She rung a bell and 2 other employees came in and started checking all of them.

While we were waiting, a barbarian walked in. He had an extra menacing aura, and the receptionist gulped when she saw him. She was clearly doing her best to contain her instinctive fear of him.

"Hello, Hindo, what do you need?" She paused between words, trying to calm down. Hindo sighed.

"Well, I was wondering if my gorgon heart order was fulfilled."

"Unforunately, not, but someone did deliver dubra hearts. You can buy them from us at 1/4 the normal price."

"Alright," he groaned, "I'll take 12."

"Ilian." The receptionist looked at one of the employees who was checking the herbs (i.e. the appraisers). He gave her a curious fused look. He was clearly much youger than the other appraiser.

"Yes?"

"Get 12 dubra hearts from the back."

"Which section are they stored in?"

"Reptillian, in the back."

Ilian calmly went to the employee area of the building, and Hindo moved his menacing gaze to me and Rosa. It sent chill down my spine, and Rosa looked at him blankly for a moment.

The other appraiser finished his task, and spoke up. "Wow. 48 high quality, 70 subhigh, 193 medium, 240 sublow. The quest was for 200 mediums, but this is a good haul." He carried the bags of herbs out, and passed off a piece of paper with the stats to the receptionist.

The receptionist then fiddled with some paper work.

"You're kidding me." Hindo growled. "There is no way an inferior being like you managed to collect 100 good quality herbs. Either you've been out for days, or you stole them."

His voice was laced with disdain. What's his issue? I think. And should I run away?

"And why are you taking this *pet* around with you?" He poked Rosa as if she was a pest in his space, and she took a few steps back. She seemed afraid now.

For a moment, I wanted to argue back, but then a subconcious ripple of fear prevented me from doing so. My face darkened, and he smiled at me, mockingly.

Ilian walked in and announceed "I retrieved the hearts, sir.*

Hindo slammed his fist on the counter, and Ilian stumbled back. "Call me **great one**!"

By some miracle, another employee came in, grabbed some coins from the receptionist, and sneakily handed them to me while Ilian distracted the barbarian (Hindo).

"Run, run fast." The employee commanded me. He clearly knew that Hindo was going to kill me in a second after he was done collecting his dubra hearts.

I grabbed Rosa's hand and started running. Hindo almost turned around to chase us. His eyes were red and he was in predator mode, but the receptionist managed to hold him back.

One day, I will find you, and rip you apart into tiny pieces, you vile vermon! Hindo thought as we run out.

The receptionist stuttered and almost fumbled in fear from the killing intent radiating off of Hindo. Fortunately, she managed to sell the dubra hearts to him. On his way out, Hind kicked the inward opening door down.

"I'm going to kill whatever idiot made this an inward opening door." He kicked the door frame too, destroying it beyond repair.

Ilian, like the idiot he is, almost spoke up, but the receptionist smacked him across his mouth before he could. "Get back to work." She scolds him. "And remember, we always treat customers with the utmost respect."

I should note that while all this was happening, I was not standing by and watching. Instead, I was running for me dear life.

