
I'm so fucking tired of my dad using the terms "stupid" and "common sense". He insults me with both of them every day. He often insists on telling me he loves me every night, but he calls me "stupid" and lacking in "common sense" way more often. And the way he uses these terms is so infuriating.

Every time I say something he disagrees with or dislikes in any way, he calls it "stupid". AGH!

Every time I have a hard time doing something that his subconscious can do easily, he calls it "common sense" and tries to blame me for lacking in it. I'm so sick of that!

It's quite obvious that me and him have different subconsciouses, and that the subconscious cannot be easily taught or improved by the conscious. Therefore, I cannot be expect to simply develop the same subconscious talents as him. You can't blame me for not being able to do things subconsciously. Everyone's subconscious is different, and developing subconscious skills is difficult. It's a tricky process and the subconscious is naturally elusive. Even though I can talk to my subconscious, it still tells me all the time that it has a hard time developing itself and that I need to be patient with it.

Oh, and then my dad likes to justify his "common sense" with rational explanations. This bugs me, but I'm not going to put any blame on him for it. I was just reading about Kant's idea of universal law, and Kant pointed out that we often like to retroactively provide rational explanations for out instinctual or selfish desires. Thus, I think it's logical to conclude that we often like to retroactively explain our subconscious abilities by showing how reasoning could be used to replicate them. But at the end of the day, I think these explanations fall short, and just end up sounding like excuses. Especially since many of our subconscious abilities are so deeply rooted in perception that there isn't a way to replace them with reason.

And besides. Why bother explaining your subconscious decisions and abilities as if they were conscious? Aren't you just lying, deceiving, and misleading other by crediting your subconscious feats to your conscious? And to what end? Why can't you just admit that your subconscious is the intelligent mind who's doing those amazing feats of perception? Why do you need to discredit and dishonor your subconscious as if it some kind of monster that you don't want to tell anyone about? Seriously. Just, why? Well, I think the truth is most people aren't comfortable with their subconscious and don't understand them, but I might be very wrong about that. In any case, people tend to give their conscious too much credit and seem to blatantly ignore the existence of their subconscious, at least when they talk about themselves.

Oh, you think that was a side tangent? No, it wasn't. I was explaining my dad's behavior, and venting about how much it irritates me! I'm really sick of this. I'm really sick of him leveraging his subconscious as a reason to blame me. Not only is he insulting his subconscious by never crediting it for his actions, but he's also doing it seemingly just to insult me. And to what end? What's the point of this? To satisfy the anger he feels because of his neuropathy? That's the only reason I can think of.

The worst part is I can't talk to him about any of this. He's not interested in my abstract ideas, he's very confident in his understanding of himself, he gets angry when talking about anger, and he's not interested in discussing my feelings of his. I don't get why talking about anger makes him angry. That's completely beyond me. He seems to not like talking about feelings because he is afraid of them. He thinks he understands himself so well because he read some psychology books, but he clearly never realized how intelligent or important his subconscious is.

And he doesn't want to hear me talk about any of this or say any of these things because he will assume I am either pushing his buttons or just talking about nerdy stuff because I'm a nerd. And my dad is not as big of a nerd, so he doesn't want to have in-depth discussions about nerdy subjects. He loves giving smart replies that show off his nerdy abilities, understanding, and knowledge. But he hates actually participate in the number one favorite pass time of being a nerd. He thinks he can make people respect him like a genius without actually respecting the other intelligent people around them and engaging in standard social behavior. Oh, and then he's going to blame me for doing something that's completely normal for a nerd like me. While at the same time supressing his own natural nerdy tendencies, stunting his own mind, and never realizing his own potential. Agh!!!!! No matter how I look at this, there are countless levels of obstacles standing in my way! It's all so irritating! Why does it have to be like this?!

And the worst part, is I can't get this off my chest. No one wants to hear me out. No one wants to read this. And those who do never actually prove that they did or show understanding of it. Which is what I want, since I'm a nerd afterall. I want people to actually engage in thinking about these problems that have been stressing my over these last 5 years, not just skim by my thoughts and feelings as if they are irrelevant!

Oh? Oh? You feel like maybe I'm insulting YOU, ready? Ahh, I apologize if that came off as offensive. I understand why actually giving me what I want is difficult. I have a hard time understanding other people's complex thoughts and feelings too. It's not exactly easy for either of us to understand eachother. It's a monumental task and I don't want to insist you take on the burden of its responsibility. But I will say, this has been bugging me, and I am always hoping for someone who can help me with this. Though, it doesn't feel pressing enough for me to actually search for someone right now. Or does it? I'm going to start asking around some more. Too bad I can't summarize my problem in a few short words.

Or can I? Maybe I need another person who's interested in this kind of stuff to listen to the chaotic storm in my mind?

I don't know. Anyways, have a nice day, reader.
