# Strongest Time Mage

Decades ago, Chrome Chronogate watched demon kings destroy everything he loved, and he was powerless against them. Now, he himself has become a demon king: Space-Time King Chronogate, and he is the strongest being in the world. In Chrom's world, a person's magical abilities determine their worth, and magic is everything. Magic requires mana, and Chrom's body doesn't produce mana. He used to think that he couldn't use magic, due to his lack of mana production. However, he later learned that he **could** use magic, by absorbing mana from the enviorenment. With the ability to use magic, Chrome became an unstoppable force. This is the case because Chrom is the world's only time mage, and time magic is superior to all other magic. Chrom can think and move faster than all of his enemies. He can recover from all non-fatal injuries, by reversing time in his body. He can block any attack by simply freezing time in his body (you can't break a stick if the stick can't experience the passing of time, since breaking a stick requires it to be whole at one point in time and then transition to being broken at a later point in time).

After 100 years of pain and suffering, Chrom decides that he wants to change history. He wants to make it so the world never got destoryed and so the people he loved never died. All he has to do is go back in time, and stop the world from ending. With his extra 100 years of knowledge, skill, and experience it should be relatively easy for him to save the world. 100 years ago Chrom didn't know he was a time mage, and he couldn't use time magic at all. Chrom collects all of the world's resources, and prepares to cast the most powerful spell he has ever cast: time travel. With this, Chrom travels back in time, 100 years into the past.

Chrom wakes up on his 16th birthday. The 1st time he was here, this day ended up being the worst day of his life. This is the day that the 1st demon king will be born and destroy his home time. It is 6:30 AM right now. Chrom has 12 hours until the demon king, along with an army of monsters, comes and wreaks havoc on his beloved hometown. Chrom wakes up, and is brought to tears when he gets to meet his loving family who he has been grieving over for the past century. Chrom also gets used to his young body, which is exactly the same as it was 100 years ago. Chrom spend the 12 hours of free time that he has just enjoying his day with the people he loves, because they are what is most important to him. Eventually, the demon king comes, and Chrom is fully prepared.

Chrom uses a couple of mana crystals to give himself the energy to kill the 10,000 monsters that are rushing towards his home town. To the townsfolk, Chrom looks like a black shadow, moving faster than sound and anihilating everything in its path. The entire army of monsters goes down in just 1.5 seconds.

This demon king is essentially the reason that the world ended last time Chrom was here. The demon king is Ancestral Dragon Verboros, and it has 1 very unique quality: its cells have a power called evolution. This power means that if the cells are injected into another living being, the host will evolve into a demon king. In the previous timeline, these cells were used by the Sorceror Assosciation to create hundreds of demon kings. Unfortunately, many vials of the cells have already been extracted, replicated, and distributed throughout the world. So, this single dragon is not the only demon king Chrom will have to kill if he wants to successfully save the entire world. However, Chrom doesn't let this worry him too much. He plans to address the each demon king as they come.

Chrom meets Verboros, and Verboros asks why a petty human dares to challenge him. Then, Verboros uses his powerful fire breath to anihilate Chrome instantly. Well, it should have anihilated Chrom instantly, but Chrom has time magic. Chrom stopped time in his body when the attack hit him, making himself completely indestructible and immune. This blast uses an amount of mana beyond anything Chrom has ever seen before (because that is just how powerful Verboros is). Much of this mana is left floating in the air, due to the fire blast being dispersed on contact with Chrom. Chrom collects this mana and uses it to destroy Verboros. First, he plants tree sapplings at Verboros's feet, and accelerates the time of the sapplings. the sapplings instantly grow into full size trees.

"Ha!" Verboros laughs, "You think mere trees can stop my wrath?!" Chrom freezes time in the trees, and Verboros tries to escape. Alas, with their time frozen, the trees become an unbreakable prison, and Verboros stands helplessly at the mercy of Chrom. "You are the one who will die today, not me!" Chrom remarks. "That's impossible!" Verboros screams, as it feels fear for the 1st and only time in its life. Then, Chrom uses the remaining abundance of mana to cast time acceleration on Verboros's body. Usually this tactic would be pointless against a powerful opponent, especially a demon king, but there is so much mana that it can actually work this time. A hologram of a clock and a calendar appears in the sky above verboros. The minute hand on the block accelerate, as Chrom charges the spell. The hour hands starts to accelerate too. The clocks hands then go so fast that they blur and a viewer can't even see them moving. The pages of the calendar also start to fly off. Each page has 1 month, and they start to fly away at an incredible speed until they just become a tornado, reaching miles high into the sky. A small hologram of the galaxy appears, and it also accelerates, and eventually moves at a ridiculous speed.

As this happens, Verboros starts to grunt and squirm. The ancestral dragon feels a pain worse than anything it could ever imagine, as its body ages at an incredible speed. It convluses and spasms, and its eyes fill with terror. "Agghhhhh!!! What is this? I though I was a demon king, but **you** are the real demon king!" Verboros roars. Verboros body experiences millions of years of aging, and it realizes that demon kings are not immortal and do not live forever. Its scales fall off, its muscles fall limp, and its bones become hollow inside. Its eyes darken, and their pupils shrivel up like a flower wilting. Chrom walks over to the weak and pathetic shell of a demon king. "End," He says, and the demon kings breaks down into dust. The being that once destroyed the world is now gone with the wind.

